4EljqY21fLOtLaoWCJlsIQ|eRX4tjUzNE0LGLwbGdkqwg|4|I was at the mall last night and saw an add for $1.00 bar menu.Decided to go.Sat at a table in the bar area. There are no items on the bar menu that cost $1.00. The cheapest was $1.99. I know it is still cheap - but why advertise something that clearly you don't have.I had the pineapple margarita, it was good but had way to much tequilla in it.Our server was nice, very attentive and super fast.We had the nachos, buffalo bites and spinach spread. All was good and in good portions. We were full.Our bill came to $27.15 before tip, not bad for drinks and apps.The only down side, there was a hair in my drink, a hair in the nachos and a hair tangled in my boyfriend's fork.I've learned to not freak out about hairs in food that look like they come from the head. But 3 hairs in one sitting.... that is a little much.But overall experience was the best I've had at any uno's.I will go back for the cheap bar menu and a beer.|0|0|0
2wu_RvBn3QYANniI6oD4pA|z9wdDJeytqVNh_TNBcOgDQ|2|The food was very good, but service was excruciatingly slow and waitstaff unhelpful when it's possible to find them. The problem may be management, communication or the kitchen. Waitstaff disappeared from a nearly empty mid-week restaurant to hide from frustrated and increasingly irritated customers (I was not the only one).For example, the desserts are made to order - and exceptionally good. Expect at least a 30 minute wait. If the menu or waitstaff had SAID that, and suggested ordering dessert with your main course, that would have been fine.As it is, only go there with a lot of free time, lots to talk about (or a book). Treat arrival of each course or glimpse of waitstaff as an unpredictable surprise. I literally had to chase down the waiter to get a check. Very unpleasant - he looked embarrassed. A shame because although the food was enjoyable, I'm very unlikely to return or recommend it.|1|0|0
4EljqY21fLOtLaoWCJlsIQ|s7tUz_aOa_SfGhHU2Adq5A|1|Definitely not a place I would return.  Cute bartenders but horrible food.  The burger looked like it had some how come out of a tube and then sliced into patties.  Gross to say the least. When I told my a friend where I had gone they asked my opinion on the pizza, which I did not have.  So maybe this is a pizza place only but I'm not a fan of the deep dish Chicago style any way. The place really reminded me of an applebee's, or perkins, or any other restaurant like those.|0|0|0
AKfHinPZ5vdPdHRzpvSWtw|qVEmas6gFaOoRLAhLIyJmw|4|This location of Sura is not nearly as spectacular as the one in Johnston. Mostly because the one in Johnston actually has the grill at your table.That being said, everything else about this restaurant is pretty decent. I've had everything here from the sushi to the bulgogi. Their special rolls are interesting and rather different. I'm pretty sure they're one of the few places in the area that has a sweet potato roll (yum).Compared to my go-to sushi place though, it can't really compare but if I'm in the Downcity area, it's a decent place for a quick sushi fix.My favorite thing to get here is the spicy pork bulgogi. They don't have grills at each table, which kinda takes away from the Korean BBQ experience but when the bulgogi came out, it was just as tasty.Everything about the restaurant is decent. The service is nice and I think the location is AWESOME. Overall, I'd come back here for my Korean fix since I don't want to drive all the way to Johnston every time I need some bulgogi in my belly.|1|1|0
6fz6hlH9LDkZ9jwtwBVOEQ|G6yFspc6LzuG7RGV827nMQ|3|Have you ever had a love/hate relationship? Outside of college?Well, this is mine. Here's why:The food is great, never had a bad meal. Their pizza is the best I've ever eaten, hands down. Their buffalo quesadilla is awesome, and I love their burgers and wraps. I'm also a fan of the bartenders and servers.What I can't figure out is how they get away with charging so much for beer and food. Almost $5 for a pint of beer, while Cuban Revolution only charges $3. Shame on you, Spats. Also, $13 for a pizza? C'mon. I'd break up with you, Spats, but I just can't distance myself from the great food, service, and multitude of flat screens.|0|0|0
YrJzG2UyF6ux2A9v5-fLXA|ryf7iJDJQDywHrxXT7p1iw|1|I'm only giving this place one star because I cannot give it zero.The service at this restaurant is absolutely abominable, and the food is not even good to make up for it. I have been here twice and received horrible treatment each time. The first time I asked for sriracha sauce and the waitress told me that they didn't have any, even though sriracha fried rice is clearly on the advertising boards. When we asked for lemons and straws, my friends and I were given disparaging looks as if we had asked for squid ink and caviar.Tonight, I found a fly in my water and reported it to the waitresses, expecting some sort of re-compensation, but the waitresses did not even apologize. Instead, they brought me another glass of water. I start going back up to them, and before I even open my mouth, the waitress glares at me and spits out, "No." Shocked, I ask, "excuse me?" and she replies impatiently, "You're not getting a discount." I was indignant; I have never received such disrespectful service before in my life. I tell her reasonably that under normal circumstances, restaurants would provide free compensation just for any sort of foreign object, and that all I was asking for was a 30% discount. The waitress insisted that I do not deserve any sort of discount because "It was not a fly, it was just a little bug." I ask to speak to the manager, the girl says that the manager would not come out to see me, and that I could take a 10% discount or that she would call the police. Two minutes later, she changes her story and tells me that the manager is not there. Seeing that I was getting nowhere, I take the 10% discount and tell my friends that we are not paying any tip.We get our checks and see that they've charged us an 18% gratuity for "parties of 5 and up."Save yourselves the frustration and do not go to this restaurant. The waitresses and the management there do not deserve your business.|1|1|1
04ZBAOo6ffXkhSICqngaIQ|4TCOItk-gIJROyNA5ftZ-Q|3|Tealuxe is to tea as Starbucks is to coffee. It has a commercial retail shop feel, has tea accessories for sale, a limited amount of food for sale, and a wide variety of choices for dried plants to be steeped in hot water. If you like tea, this outfit is one of the better of the limited tea options in Providence, but so far I haven't experienced anything special here.|0|0|0
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|CFbIJVbAQ2ODFQHAImJ9jQ|4|The food here is always outstanding. A great cross between comfort and and creative foods.  The service is also always friendly. I will say, this is a great place to go on an expense account.|0|0|0
mdqwn32B4RVJI8_MQLXXHg|jdQAQxGN4eiBy-ofZJ4gZA|2|I do have a sweet tooth, but I am always skeptical of ice cream's healthier and often not-as-tasty cousin frozen yogurt. I hoped this place would prove me wrong. Sadly it didn't.  They were HOPPING when my friend and I went around 7:30 on Tuesday. You serve yourself and then it is weighed. Some of their flavors include pink grapefruit and peanut butter.  But they have a ton of toppings which was truly the best part of the experience. The girl at the cash register was super nice, but after spending  over six bucks for this frozen "treat", I was underwhelmed. It was just "eh". The place will do well being in walking distance for local college kids and young hipsters...but I will not be going back. Bring on the ice cream, that is the real deal, folks...my heart and vote go with ice cream...Froyoworld proved to me yet again that frozen yogurt just doesn't stack up.|1|1|0
SkY-3itZowxA9lByHVX2Dg|B6yoK_a8F_niwxPhx9VjBw|1|Not really my scene. The people were pretty wild. One guy pour beer over his own head. Another was cursing out Jose Cuervo then became s bug a boo. At the end of the night while trying to leave a fight broke out between a drunk guy and the bouncer so we were blocked in from leaving. I will not be returning.|1|0|0
ZCNv3o4kekN2PPUTlP294w|pbAYlegJeu0cosZzcnmx2A|3|I really enjoy this bar a lot.  It has several rooms with lots of dark corners and plenty of tables for good conversation.  They have darts and pool and amazing plates of cheese.  The beer selection is good and there is plenty of parking on the street and in a lot that, depending on the time, is free.|2|0|0
1u5tSUPGO213ZX0WBj0uxQ|IcdxwCBX6rNHwlcFJEVVtQ|3|I'm not sure what I was expecting, but I know it wasn't this. Gourmet heaven is like a convenience store and a deli all in one, but if I'm being honest, I saw no sign of gourmet or heaven. There's a deli counter with both pre-made and to-order sandwiches, salads and the like, and a refrigerated meat section, too. There are a few aisles of dry goods - sauces, soups, crackers, snacks - and a small selection of boxed cookies and sweets. All the way in the back, you'll find the cold beverage section with an assortment of aloe vera juice, iced teas and waters. It took me a good five minutes to find what I wanted and be done with it. They also have a large array of condoms, gum, and even a few shower curtains, which leads me to believe it is intended to be a one-stop shopping option for JWU students who don't have a car to get to a proper grocery store. I wouldn't go out of my way to go here again.|5|2|2
2wu_RvBn3QYANniI6oD4pA|L7NJQ9O0NFntUC24VK1zfg|2|I ate here about 2 months ago with my in-laws who are huge fans of cafe noir. Unfortunately I wasn't that impressed with the food.My steak was not the best cut, chewy and stringy.Portions seemed small for the price you pay. (we shared a "mini" serving of a pot de creme that I don't think was meant to be mini.)Prices seemed inflated for the quality of the food. If you're going to pay that much for dinner, spend a few dollars more and go to Nicks.The high point was our waiter, who was charming. He made us feel welcome and offered some comfort for the less than fabulous food.|0|0|0
uaPEPXxiEf8rNFbzFyy3Cw|JsQ6e1QEaD2jDmZcUj4fAQ|1|The subtitle for this restaurant should be - "home of the burrito of infinite regret"Both my girlfriend and I were sick after eating at this spot. The burrito was large, but the meat was dry and the guac tasted terrible.All in all, we would never, ever go back. Funnily enough, we also noticed that it was named RI's best mexican grill. We have decided not to return to RI for any period of time. Weak.|2|1|0
LLMIzRMVcu_F7gwfdY_wSQ|IhmBr-yHC8xLjdnoq7O37w|2|If there's one reason why I won't come back, it's THE SMELL.I know this is a little vegetarian-friendly japanese place, big on the seafood, but the smell of low tide is overwhelming.There are five tables here. One can seat about 6 or 7 people, the other can seat four. The other three can seat two. That's 17 people. There are also about 10 stools at the bar. So if you come in with a group and the big table is taken, you're pretty much going to be looking for another place to eat. This place is TINY.I'd actually call it almost a romantic dinner type of place if it didn't smell so awful (sorry I'll stop complaining now). But one more thing, our wet, greasy waiter also smelled like he just came off the fisherman's boat. Was he the cook AND the waiter? Possibly.On the plus side, he was very jolly and attentive. Super nice, besides him almost not letting us eat because there were four of us with the POSSIBILITY of a fifth person, and the big table was already taken.So while I was there, I got a bento box. Steak skewers, noodles, slaw and edamame. The steak skewers tasted a little funky, like they were cooked along with the fish. So I only ate a few bites of those. The noodles were not good. The edamame was very undersalted (if you want good Edamame, go to Ebisu!), and I'd have to say the best part of the bento box was the coleslaw. For 15 bucks.The portions for anything else were TINY. My friend got the shrimp plate and got, I think, four or five shrimp. I think it was 8 bucks or so.The one redeeming quality of this place is that they have crushed ice, which generally excites me.I won't ever come back here. It wasn't the service or even the mediocre food, but the smell of seafood in such a tiny place was just nauseating. Sorry Ama's.|5|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|HrJTQ8b5rEA3vF77rfAxFg|5|The pepperoni pizza is better here.|0|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|hWdpZvbl_17mL4pKYc8mwA|4|I've come here many times, and I can't comment on the service because I am friends with some of the (former) employees and therefore my service is usually excellent.  The food is fantastic, especially the burgers.  It is a bit pricey, but lets face it, its on Thayer St and price comes with that territory.|1|0|1
6SKPyuuG7duv-G2XGCafiQ|dMJPOYeBrb7xRzFeBvHiCA|4|Wings to Go is rad.  Excellent wings and tenders, with lots of different sauces from spicy to sweet.  Can be highly addictive...|1|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|QbcI5G8Qj2X5jV-ncrHnww|5|Brickway is my brunch go-to.  I know that there will always be a wait, but the owner is ruthlessly efficient at getting people in and fed and on their way, and he never seems in a bad mood.  Last time we were there, he was away from the front and another server took our party name.  I guess it failed to make it into the book because we stood there and waited... and waited.  Finally, when two girls who had come in after us were seated, we asked him why we had been passed over.  He looked in the book, we weren't there, and he immediately made a space for us to sit, all while apologizing profusely.Every meal I've had there has been excellent.  Service is always speedy and polite.They have interesting specials, but the regular menu is robust enough to keep you coming back for more. Plenty of options.Cute decor--very light and airy.What else to say about this place?  The only complaint I have is the wait, but they're pretty good at predicting how long it will be, so you can go for a walk around the block instead of cramming into the entryway.|0|0|0
J4lY9l9LsKWBTa49cY0-mw|RczdkB0ykutux2-4MtJG1Q|5|I could easily rate this place 5 stars based on their tomato soup alone (which was by far the BEST I've ever tasted. Ever.).The restaurant is airy and keeps with the loft style shops and apartments in the area. There's plenty of seating, and a open bar area that appeared to have a full bar offering.The pizza itself is amazing - the options are limited, but flavors are limitless! And, you can always create something of your own making.|1|0|1
P2r5tl57DWK5AcZ_GiSvWg|x2cV5QcO5-FAd48wNajTMw|1|This place has domino's quality pizza but charges the same amount of money as much better pizza places. Go anywhere else. Nice Slice, Antonio's, Fellini's. Or just hang out at home and order some Dominos if that's what you're into and spend half the money.|0|0|0
SkY-3itZowxA9lByHVX2Dg|3jy7gXnUrtorMQPb4lB4pQ|3|This place is ok. Perhaps I shouldn't write a review when I have such a vanilla opinion of the place, but that in itself is an opinion. McFadden's is fine for an evening out. There's a good amount of bar space, some dancing room, and nearby reasonable parking. The area can seem a bit shady after dark, but there are usually enough people around. I'm pretty sure they serve food earlier in the evening, but I've never tried any.|0|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|Wbwv4at33RscYwinLrxA4A|2|They get one star because the food was good, and one star because i like crepes. But I surely won't be coming back here again. This place was way too small and crowded. People were crammed in here and there were not enough chairs inside and out. They use plasticware and paper plates which is very unfriendly to the environment. The people inside were generally annoying. One college girl snatched my chair without even asking if I was using it. But the worst experience was that I'm SURE that I handed the cashier a $20 bill to pay for my crepe. The cashier claimed that I gave her a $10 bill, and only gave me $4 in change. I was extremely mad, but because I'm a wimp and there was a line behind me, I decided not to escalate into a full fight.|3|0|0
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|K2GXS6XJyXu01FC6_FKmNg|5|Pork belly n kimchi on a Portugese sweet role? Sign me the fuck up. For only $3 it may be the best value in food. The sweet fries are amazing and the dumplings are some of the best I've ever had. Need to go back and try more of the menu. I'm 100% positive it's all incredible. Follow @MamaKimsKbbq on twitter, find out where she's at, and eat the shit out of this place.     Just had the spicy fried chicken. Amazing. Ill have dreams about this shit.|3|4|2
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|46Fj-TdPlZuTvhTnNEjA0Q|4|I really enjoyed this place for lunch with a girlfriend...we were able to sit outside, the waiter was super friendly and helpful and we both enjoyed nice salads and a great lunch.I'm not as impressed with dinner and it's def not my scene late night....but they do seem to draw a pretty big bar crowd!Eclectic, fresh and good food!|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|CMxT7p7ujg7lvEvxMVXxCg|5|As a student at Johnson & Wales my professors have been raving about Gracies since my freshman year. I finally had the opportunity to go for my 21st birthday.The service was amazing. My boyfriend and I were both offered a complementary class of cava in celebration of my birthday. We ordered the 5 course tasting and there was not a single item we didn't enjoy. Our server continuously checked in with us and was very knowledgeable about the plates and offered wine pairings as well. A great experience.|1|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|cbItqaNDC4xgwxbNvWodYg|5|Cheap, quick and great service. It was hard not to eat at this place everyday when I worked nearby. There is often a line but they move quick. Get the baklava too, so good and really cheap, nice ending to your already good meal.|1|0|1
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|3xFGPEzgK-WNlYnO2QOzdQ|3|The food is just ok....i get the sense im in a corporate spanish restaurant....lacks authenticity-- i love the mexican beer, i.e. dos equis....i got to have mexican beer at a mexican restaurant or the experience does not feel right....|4|0|1
EqOxdxn_ziCSkj988ERTgw|TXJogJeII5zxklNgDh9u5Q|5|Live jazz with a vocalist! (If you come on the right night.) Beautiful rolling water sculpture! Really friendly service, too!I came to Providence to Waterfire to propose to my (now) fiance, and they worked with the Hotel Providence to be sure that a dozen roses that I bought off site were at our table when we arrived to kick off a magical engagement weekend.We even lucked out with a wine bump when the wine we ordered was 'out of stock,' and to top it off, our food was absolutely delicious. Order the scallops! Seriously.I can't thank the staff here enough for such a pleasant dinner to start things rolling with my eventual proposal. Thank you! I would definitely eat here again.|0|0|0
Wd9p_AlZTnN6pBHmT9YemQ|l5ZEeWMBir0YeBQmw1copw|4|Go for the Jazz singer, stay for the food!We chose to eat at a table in the bar area, since the wonderful blonde singer (Kim, I'm told) drew our attention as we came into the place. This was more comfortable than a typical 'eat at the bar' experience. With its eclectic, exotic style, you feel like you've been somewhere special. The excellent musical trio fit this atmosphere. The female vocalist's stylish edge fit the image of a jazz bombshell, and her voice reminded you how the classics got that way -- could have stayed all night.  The food did not disappoint. The serving of spicy shrimp and sesame chicken was immense, took half home. It was delicately spiced with perfectly cooked (crisp) vegetables. The option for brown rice is a nice, healthy addition. My friend had the duck, which I think was an appetizer; it was not as large a serving, but superb in the taste department. We had martinis. Ruby Red is delicious; they are rather small for the price, but after a couple, who's counting?Overall, we enjoyed a great night at Jacky's Waterplace. The large dining room is beautiful, and we'll sit out there next time, maybe with a group.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|lzKCLMP9_j71myqM00yCFw|4|My husband and I have been oogling this place from afar for a few months now and last night we finally gave in a went. We were pleasantly surprised by the whole thing. It was very busy, but the atmosphere was nice and we got a table right away. The waitstaff was helpful and attentive and we were able to order and get our food quickly despite that restaurant being very busy. The ordering process was similar to a sushi bar in which you fill out a piece of paper on what you want on your burger ranging from type of meat, toppings, sauces and sides. We were both anticipating enormous portions, but were pleasantly surprised by the "normal" food portion that came out. My burger was delicious and so was the coleslaw I ordered on the side. We were also there in time to hear some music from a live DJ. He was spinning clever hip hop/dance remixes using Al Green and Pete Rock and CL Smooth tracks. Brought me back to my high school years. Yum.|0|0|1
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|ToYIk6qmPMugiv6SMprZQA|4|The food is okay.  The ambiance is okay.  The best part of the place though, hands down is the margaritas.  The queso dip and barbeque nachos are a must on the menu.|1|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|7gB_2t46c6APR3aVCCU72w|3|We went here when we were Rhode Island for a wedding. The food was better than suspected. Service was slow and our waiter could have been more attentive. If I ever wanted a refill on my soda, I had to go up and get it myself from the bar. That was upsetting. Also, our food took about a half hour because we came in behind a large group.|1|0|0
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|ICA5WWbGQgK2ucExNYacmw|3|Serviceable Greek food on Thayer.  Food doesn't blow your mind, but it'll hit the spot if you have a hankering for it.|1|0|1
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|vlehgFdySB62xExGaaqEow|3|There's much to recommend the location of Luxe.  Proximate to everything downtown, including parking and Waterplace Park, this is an easy place to make one's way to.  If you like burgers or drinks, mostly of the creative-take-on-the-classics variety, the menu will serve you well, and it's a worthwhile stop. If you're in the mood for a burger, grab a tear-sheet menu and start concocting something good.  I enjoy the vegetable falafel option, as well as the standard beef burgers, but the turkey burger has occasionally been pretty dry.  The options to add to your burger are fun and run the gamut, including the style (or omission of) bun you'd like. Sides are relatively standard, while the appetizer selection is slightly more unique. There are some fun drinks here - the Rhode Island Iced Tea and milkshakes (of both the for-everybody and adults-only variety) are recommended, and their beer list usually contains some less-standard selections worth considering (Otter Creek Black IPA and St. Rogue Red have been my choices lately).  Servers are plentiful - service, sometimes less so; I'd hate to see them short-staffed.  There are many servers here who seem to portray they're giving you fifteen minutes on their way to something much more important.  I get it - the restaurant industry isn't your career goal, but if you took the job and showed up that evening, please give us a modicum of service attention. On the flip side, some of the people here are great...it's just hit or miss. The crayons and coloring place-mats are a good attention getter for kids that helps the adults get settled, get a drink, place an order, and settle in.  Well-played there. Overall, my wife and I like it here, my kids love it, it's a great place to sit outside and enjoy dinner on a temperate evening, and the food is good.  Service is a wild-card here, but odds are you'll have a good time.|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|e7rTDywVPZDI3yN61MGHOw|2|Al Forno would have a much lower reputation if it were in Federal Hill. Thought he cuisine is not directly comparable, CAV and Rue De L'espoir but show much more creativity in their menu. Al Forno has simple dishes that are sometimes good, but usually lack any distinctive spark.|2|1|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|3xFGPEzgK-WNlYnO2QOzdQ|5|Fellinis large pizza is too expensive for me, but you can buy slices with all kinds of toppings-- this makes Fellinis unique....the slices are 4 stars and the hot pizzas out of the oven are 5 stars...the sandwiches are great....my favorite pizza is the spinachoke...try it you will like it....Also, At different times, I get the Italian Wedding Soup or the Portuguese Sausage Soup....highly recommend--In summary, the menu is a Hit-List.............|1|0|1
x05vLVOH2OQr-8ATmfItRg|4rQeHEi5_TN_0iVlI5x7zg|2|Perhaps the fact that we encountered "cheerleader night" will color my review, but my wife had cajoled me for months to sample this establishment as a quality venue. As we sat, considering our options, our server, John, upon hearing that we were considering leaving for a more familiar and reliable location, convinced us that regardless of our choice, we would be equally inundated elsewhere with the annoyances of young children running about, unattended and/or oblivious to their guardians.With thanks to John, we stayed, as the buzz of unattended children diminished.That said, we remained and sampled that which most appealed to us from the menu. The Blue Crab Cake was delicious, though highly priced for a singular cake that lasted but a few moments. The Lobster Ravioli, which was highly recommended by our server, contained large chunks of lobster, a plus, yet the ravioli and sauce left much to be desired. Many locations on Atwells Ave. have far surpassed the quality.We left for the evening with only the memory of our quality server, John, as a worthwhile memory with which to take with us.We will give this establishment another look, but for now, we suggest holding true to those reliable choices such as Capriccio's, Camille's, The Blue Grotto, Hemenways, The Capital Grille, and more. These establishments will not disappoint. Craig|1|0|0
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|9TSdWVnNlheJhiTLBcoflQ|5|I have a problem with Geoff's.  The problem is that I have been going there since about 1975. So I am admittedly trapped in a time warp as far as this place goes. In that time, there have been a lot of changes but the core experience remains... a unique space, with good food, great variety and value, served up by this decade's crop of Brown/RISDI stoners.  But for a geyser like me, it is hard to not think back to the times when it was new, totally different and a local novelty.In the early years, the portions were enormous... a half pound of meat. Not Carnegie Deli, mind you, but pretty substantial. Somewhere along the way, economics took over.  They started to offer full (8 oz) and half orders (4 oz). In recent years, seems like the 1/2 order option became the full order norm. Just seems a bit skimpy. But I guess that's how you keep the sandwiches under $10.On the plus side, the new generation of help is friendlier and more..well... helpful.  Back in the day, they'd scream at you, make fun of you to your face and hit on your girlfriend.  I never saw the charm in that.And in spite of my portion peeve, the freshness of the food, variety of selection and "build your own" options continue to bring me back.Now a word of advise.  Geoff's was not put on this earth to purvey veggie-sprout-hummus fare.  I know its healthy and I know its better for the cattle.  But its boring.  Geoff's "raison d'etre" is to provide the experience of piping hot bologna and melted Swiss cheese grease running down your forearms.  Get your butt in there and order a triple meat anything.. melt some gooey cheese on it.. load it up with Shedd's and russian dressing and grab 50 napkins and a pickle.Only then shall ye know the truth.|0|5|1
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|DlIk70y6gzCJZNNwekyHgw|5|Go directly to Luxe, do not stop. Insanely great burgers, apps, shakes and service. Excellent food and the menu will make you cry with options. Prices are beyond great. This is your first, last and in-between Providence eatery, period.|0|0|0
YrJzG2UyF6ux2A9v5-fLXA|R0hG7_XBF6s0-VERd9wE_A|2|Thai, Korean and Japanese dishes are on the menu, but the food is more like greasy-spoon Chinese.  The tempura is more reminiscent of chicken fingers.  Good prices and portions, but why bother when there is better food so close by?|0|0|0
VXAJvtWSzeFzZinJRs75rg|a2LxCZfTAEavF1046Y2Vqg|1|Not good.  We had a couple soups and shared a main dish.  Everything was overly done - as if a "thai sauce" jar was opened and applied to everything.  The service was pleasant however.   It would have been better if the cook wasn't staring at us through the kitchen pickup window and we didn't find a bug in our soup - I actually had to remind the waiter to remove the charge after it was on the bill!|0|0|1
BxmSFfCPQN_bg24l44a56Q|5pBmHEAe58BHC_Kvngq32w|3|A party-pooper? Moi? I've been called worse, but now I feel like one for bucking the 4/5 star trend. We popped in to The Dorrance for an after work cocktail, and sure, the drinks were good, the bartender attentive and of course the original decor still wows. But ... when I have cocktails I also want ambience. Actually, I want ambience ALL the time. And cocktails as well for that matter. In any case, back to my main albeit rambling point. The space is big and so needs either to be reasonably full or some flexible mechanism for giving off the welcoming, cozy, intimate glow I like. A few suggestions:1. The evening we went, the bar space was chilly and the wind blew each time the door opened as if from the steppes of Siberia. Or Cranston. Of course it's going to get a lot colder so how about a heavy black curtain around the entrance and a discrete space heater above pointing down to where the weary cocktail-hunter emerges from the wintry streetscape?2. As I said, it's big - so there was no "intimacy" so how about some tasteful screens that can by put up either side of the bar to shield off the emptiness or to help soften the buzz of the bar when it eventually get's full and you're enjoying a romantic dinner? And I don't mean three press-board closet doors from Home Depot connected by hinges - which is what they have right now. Have they heard of Pier 1?Maybe I'm being harsh, but it seems that with a few simple adjustments like the ones I mentioned, this place could be the best of several worlds - or maybe I just have to wait for the buzz to set in.|3|2|0
ILLYK1PwY2F5c__Dhycopw|Idtjgnc6VJ0ZuuFZVJp4_Q|4|The prices are a tad high, but I enjoyed my first dinner at The Capital Grille. The wine list is impressive; the classic cocktail menu posh. As you would assume, the steaks are flavorful, tender and prepared well. The service was 100% on point. The waiter kept my boyfriend's soda filled throughout the night, and he seemed to be there just when we needed him.We started by splitting the wedge salad, per the waiter's suggestion. He was nice enough to split it in the kitchen and bring out two plates. The dressing was the highlight of this salad, but the iceberg was in top form as well (I tend to have bad luck with the quality of iceberg in any wedge salad I order).For entrees, we both got a filet -- mine was filet Oscar though, and I am so glad I tried this. It came out piled high with large chunks of crab meat and creamy Bernaise. The meat was cooked perfectly. For sides, I highly recommend the mashed potatoes. They are creamy and seasoned well with a sprinkling of red skins mixed in. The asparagus with Hollandaise was ok. The Hollandaise sauce was very thick, and the asparagus was slightly undercooked for my taste.Since we were celebrating my birthday, the waiter brought out a flourless espresso chocolate cake on the house. It was outstanding: light but still rich. We polished off the whole thing.Now, my reasons for knocking off a star... my boyfriend's filet was cooked unevenly, which completely confounded me since this is one of the steakhouses among steakhouse greats. Also, there was the slightest chip in my martini glass. Not a huge deal, but I would expect perfection from an establishment like The Capital Grille.While I would save a full dinner for the utmost of special occasions, I definitely want to go back for drinks and appetizers (which are reasonably priced). You could make a meal out of the appetizers, salads, soups and sides for under $30.|0|0|0
wKaal1Y4D9DIJPkHVNyP_A|6uf5YKFBI9ySg476IHKdNg|2|Food was OK but the service was awful and the prices are shameful.|1|0|0
6SKPyuuG7duv-G2XGCafiQ|bK922XlcdYCkq--gFSGmwQ|5|I spent 3 weeks in this city over four years ago, and I still can't stop thinking about this place! Why can't I find extremely hot boneless wings anywhere else in this country? I can live through each day only because I know that some day, some how I will once again taste suicide boneless wings. God bless.|0|1|0
6fz6hlH9LDkZ9jwtwBVOEQ|i-yZkA0iJ3hYHAbcwCuv5Q|2|The food is usually good there but on one occasion I ordered a piece of cake for desert and since the play is darkly lit, it too a couple of bites to realize the cake was moldy! The waitress seemed horrified and was extremely apologetic. She took it off the bill and offered another desert but I declined. It makes you wonder what other food they have back there that is clearly old. I've been once since just for drinks but it so crowded we left after one drink.|3|0|0
A6dVeZf0ZKgOqKxB7y0F0w|0WI7bL6EMTc6W0lIYKuqiw|4|had the ivy leage, blue moon, regular, and sweet potato fries. The meat itself was juicy and tasty, and the toppings (especially crumbled blue and fried onion strings!) were really good. Although I was at first suspicious that the fries would taste burnt from being cooked in olive oil, they turned out to be excellent (maybe they use a blend? I dont care).  Overall a decent burger with good toppings, and a good value considering that they are supposedly locally sources, grass fed, hormone free etc. I would go back, and it'd be nice to try their breakfast foods or other sandwiches.|1|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|Jw4OHr6HibJeEIMfAxc1_Q|4|Charming cafe: one room dining with colorful artwork on the walls.  Fast service and turnover of diners: we waited 15 minutes at most amidst of many waiting diners.  Server came pretty quickly to take our orders.No-frills but decent food: Breakfast menu consisted of the staples-eggs, French toast, pancakes (their specialty).  I got their special pumpkin pancakes with cinnamon and powdered sugar, which came out hot and nicely made.  Friend got French toast with strawberries, and he enjoyed his meal as well.|0|0|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|96HrYf0p_4chq2Vx4t5esA|3|It's not the best seafood in town. And I don't know if this is a play on "Hemingway", but I don't recall seeing marlin on the menu.I hadn't been back here since I had hair and a flat stomach. So it was with excitement and trepidation that I invited my balding pate and my distended torso to join me in a dinner of tasty seafood. Oh and my wife & friends too.But I'm such an idiot. At these places I invariably think I'm being smart by ordering the Surf n Turf; I get a little of everything, right? Meh.The baked stuffed shrimp were decent, although the stuffing was just a doughy lump by the time it arrived at our table. Don't you hate that? It always sounds so much better on the menu. The steak was tough and slightly overdone (I had asked for medium--that means I still want a reasonable "pinkish hue", as George Costanza would have asked) and considering the steep price for this gustatory platter, I was fairly disappointed.Chef Ramsay would have drop-kicked the chef into the canal.Having said that, my fellow diners chose well and judging by their empty plates (mine was only half finished) I'm guessing their experience was better.A reasonably varied wine list, but overpriced, as is everything at a place that can claim "downtown Providence" status (location ain't everything).My 4 oysters ($12) were tiny but tasty and the small chocolate dessert cake thingy was surprisingly good.Next time I'll probably just stick with seafood huh?|2|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|gOcUxm51CK48wCHHxsWNmg|2|If you can, avoid this place on College Night.  It seems like all the students from local schools swarm this place and the lines are ridiculous.  I've been to a "Mongolian BBQ" restaurant before so I'm familiar with the concept.  I think the management of this place could've spent more time on logistics though.  Lines just kind of form out of nowhere.  I was also amazed that I received my dish, since there didn't seem to be any method to the madness.  The service is slow, but like I said, I visited on College Night when they were slammed.  The food is alright.  (I guess part of that depends on what you create.)|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|9mfxCQXWGUe760_No-TWng|3|I started going to Tazza as soon as it first opened when I lived in RI. Of course, as I tend to do, I avoided it during its peak hours. I only went there once or twice after work in the first couple of months it was open, so it still wasn't overly crowded.The atmosphere is the best thing about this place - if you appreciate late-60's mod stylings. The food is alright. The drinks are alright. The service is...  generally friendly but wanting. But it was a good place to hang out. I used to go on a Saturday or Sunday morning, get a coffee, and just sit on my laptop for a few hours.  Off times are a great time to shoot the breeze with the owner, which makes the experience a little more complete, in my opinion.I went back a week or so ago. Not much had changed.|0|0|0
WNjgfcndwa3h4bc4hc-Y4Q|O7q30MVJfD6_WtFPCGK_RQ|4|Have you ever thought a sandwich shop in a train station can be any good? I didn't and I was so wrong.I randomly ordered a "prosciutto, fresh mozzarella cheese, tomatoes and pesto, some fancy name" panini sandwich because I was hungry and needed something to kill time on the boring one-hour train ride up to Boston. Let me tell you, their sandwiches are out of this world! They use fresh focaccia bread and I noticed they drizzled the sandwich with extra virgin olive oil before sending them on the grill! If you close your eyes and indulge that sandwich, you will quickly forget you are at a train station! It's amazingly fresh and tasty.I notice the sign "Seven Stars Bakery" on their counter so maybe they use bread from Seven Stars? If that's really what they're doing -- GENIUS! (see my review for Seven Stars...)The only drawback is good sandwiches take time to make. If you go few minutes before the train leaves, like me, you will surely be in a rush or might miss the train. I waited about 10-15 mins for them to make my delicioso. Usually 10-15 mins is no big deal at a restaurant but it's totally different when you have to catch a train. If you want a sandwich from there, give yourself few extra minutes for this heavenly sandwich. You will not regret it.|0|0|0
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|xpVWpxMBXmYS1xSeeralOA|4|Quite tasty, reasonably priced. The dishes for "2 or more" are a great deal. I split one with my girlfriend and we were eating the left overs for a couple days afterwards. With apps, spent ~$25 total for 2 people.|0|0|0
kATS8uEAIQfeD66JypmgaQ|qVEmas6gFaOoRLAhLIyJmw|5|Faaaancy pants. I knew it was a fancy dinner when my boyfriend asked me to get all dressed up for it. It was my surprise birthday dinner so I had no idea that this is where we'd end up. Honestly, it was one of the best meals I've ever had. Period. Exclamation point. The location of this place is my only meh since it's so tucked into a building that you'll almost drive right past it. Once you walk in though, it gets pretty awesome. The service here was by far, one of my favorite things. Our waiter Jarred was prompt but wasn't bothersome. He gave us some fantastic suggestions and was so attentive throughout the entire meal. Now for the good stuff. We skipped an appetizer. Their menu highlighted their steak selection so much that I don't even remember what they had to offer for an appetizer. I jumped right to steaks menu. Automatically, I knew what I was getting: Ribeye Steak. For the sides, I had already decided what I wanted and so did Ryan..then we realized that we should share and I chose the Sweet Potato Casserole and Creamed Spinach ( pretty southern, I know.) Holy crap, the Sweet Potato Casserole was something that I would probably order as a meal. The whipped potatoes were buttery with the right amount of sweetness but what really made this dish was a very delectable pecan crumble. I spent about 10 mins trying to break down the components of the crumble and I'll make the prediction that they probably added some hazelnuts to it. If you come to this place, GET THIS SIDE DISH. Not to be overlooked, the Creamed Spinach tasted great too but you can't really gush too much about Creamed Spinach when a Sweet Potato Casserole is eying you from across the table. For my steak, I went with the Ribeye cooked Medium. TIP: They bring out the steaks on a sizzling plate (of butter) so take into consideration some carry-over cooking.) Because of this, the next time I go here (when I can afford it ) I'd get my steak cooked Medium Rare.This was amazing. One of the best steaks I've ever had. Cooked well, perfectly charred crust and simply seasoned.For dessert, we went southern again with a Bread Pudding with a delicious whiskey sauce (creme anglaise style). There was definitely a nice bite of whiskey in the sauce and although I was wicked full from the dinner, this was the perfect ending to a fantastic dinner.This place is fantastic, everything from the service, food and ambiance. Everyone should be treated to a night out at Ruth's Chris at some point...I'm just glad I had my chance this weekend for my birthday. :)|8|3|1
EcUL0Ixq_5L9HCdyk2GIOQ|kxXd2El7B4GTf97OILggWw|1|How is this place still open? Because drunk people have bad judgment and this place is open really late.|2|1|0
HPDZZjKAi4vmtLEvYmk2Hw|kEi0R7eDSS1WKoMQAEU8bQ|4|Granted I have only stopped into ZOG as I am passing by to Waterman street but it is a quaint little place with a nice atmosphere and it's not real crowded.  My kids love the Hot chocolate and the pastries are delicious.  My next step is to try the breakfast, it's got to better than the microwaved crap at D&D.|0|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|_cpdM9o4XnAJAEZhAolltw|5|I love Red Fez and have been going for years.  The menu changes periodically which can be a plus.  It is sad however when a favorite dish is never seen again.  I love sitting upstairs at the bar for simple but solid drinks or a Schlitz.  The atmosphere is chill and relaxed.  The waitstaff are always friendly and helpful.  Something great that has been on the menu for some time is the grilled cheese sandwich and it is one very hearty and robust grilled cheese.  Another must have is the 11teen wings.  Deeeee-vine.|0|0|0
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|Wb3lr1zYbESrUqpnDqcc_g|5|Holy wow this was good!Been meaning to come here for years and finally decided to do a little waterfire and dinner date.  They have complimentary valet parking - which was key on this waterfire saturday!Our waiter was fantastic.  I'm terrible with names, but he had a great big smile with everything we ordered and was particularly helpful in choosing a few oysters to start.  I do love those PEI ones.So, we started with a few oysters - awesome! - and then I had a delicious salad with poached egg and blue cheese.  Really, really good.  For an entree, I chose the salmon.  The wife HATES the stuff, so I usually get it while the getting's good when we go out.  They cooked in beautifully and I ate just about every bite.I can't report on the dessert as I had had my fill on apps and entree (and perhaps a cocktail) but would love to go back and try for the whole experience.|3|2|3
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|fgK9vUWFuAYo0KOv3d_kEg|4|Overall I was very satisfied with my first visit here. Food is super spicey as it should be. Will definitely be back. Hard to find decent Indian food around and this place blows away other providence Indian restaurants.|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|dVdNJgb_n7v0mVq2gSxafQ|4|For you out-of-towners, Tazza is located on a cute street with many interesting shops and restaurants. It was an easy walk from our hotel (Providence Biltmore).  We sat in the back room, which was peaceful yet we could still hear the music from the front. I had an interesting cocktail with ginger and I think bourbon, that included a "chaser" of coconut milk--very unique and tasty!  We shared a salad of watercress, arugula, and goat cheese--yummy!  My husband had the sliders, which were juicy and came with truffled fries.  I had the special, striped bass with fingerlings.  Very good, but a little pricey at $ 30.00. My fault, I did not ask the price.Our service Kerry was excellent!  Friendly, helpful, and attentive.Tazza Part 2:   We went there the next morning (Sat) for breakfast!  Sat in the front this time---nice atmosphere, enjoyed looking out at the activity on the street.  I had the Belgian waffle plus a side of bacon.  Both were great, especially the bacon--very crispy, just the way my mom likes it!Hubby had an omlet with Portugese toast, very good.   Service again was very friendly and attentive.    We were lucky to find Tazza and hope to come back!|0|0|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|D4un9kv2gb3jaPDS7NMELg|4|I am a big fan of Olga's Cup and Saucer. It is great to walk to because when you arrive you are greeted by a cute cottage like house surrounded by a beautiful English style garden. It makes you feel like you are not in Providence anymore. Olga's has a great selection of baked goods. From sweet to savory, there is a baked good for anyone. Being a purist, I am a fan of buttery croissants. The lunch menu is very nice. Salads, soups, pizzas, sandwiches, and some hot dishes are on the menu. I got the roasted garlic and broccoli panni with sun dried tomatoes and goat cheese. It was very flavorful and the bread was a perfect texture. I decided to get a cookie for the road and unfortunately, the attendant dropped the last pistachio cookie. He was so apologetic, and I ended up getting a free cookie. Brunch is only served on the weekends so I am looking forward to giving it a try. The only downside to this place is that it can get rather busy during lunchtime. But I can't blame them, it just means they have fans.|1|0|0
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|11YOuhbC50YHN-U-QDWCZw|3|+1 Tasty gyros and souvlaki, especially with a beer-1 Herds of Brown freshmen who want to test out their fake id's+1 Pretty good service+1 Reasonably priced-1 Kind of boring|0|2|0
xvb-6QQdvCePXl4GV56_Sw|0Z69ClooWQ9Obw5RdZwmlA|4|My boyfriend and I vsited here last week. We had a little time to kill before a movie, so we decided to get some frozen yogurt. Neither of us had ever heard of Pinkberry before, but we were beyond pleasantly surprised by the time we left. One thing that this place has going for it is that it's not located in the food court. Having an enclosed space away from the hordes of people in the food court really gave it a "little ice cream shoppe" feel that I personally enjoyed. The space is small, but there's a smattering of (mildly uncomfortable) seats, which adds to the relaxed atmosphere and helps relieve the food court feeling of being pushed around and rushed. The decor is simple and quirky, with a slightly futuristic feel to it for reasons I can't quite put my finger on. Regardless, it was pleasant.A lively, upbeat young lady behind the counter really stole the show. This girl was positively phenomenal at her job. She was clearly enthusiastic, knowledgeable, and exceedingly helpful as we tried to piece together our orders from the extensive "toppings buffet". She was on point with recommendations, explanations, topping combination tips, and offered to let us taste anything we wanted. I have worked in customer service my whole life and she was the kind of girl that made me want to offer her a job at my establishment. I only regret not getting her name. As a life-long devotee of Ben and Jerry's, I'm not a big frozen yogurt person. It's just not entirely my digs. My boyfriend, on the other hand, is a big fan. He went with their plain yogurt (which the helpful girl behind the counter made sure to inform him was slightly sour, not sweet... I'm sure that came from experience with plenty of customers expecting vanilla. Heh.) He raved about it. Speaking of vanilla, though, I was disappointed that they didn't have vanilla, considering the variety of flavors they offered. After tasting it, though, the young lady sold me on the peach, which wasn't too sweet and not too syrupy, as I was expecting. I had mine in a cone with almonds on the bottom and fresh kiwi on top. The yogurt was excellent, the fresh fruit was perfect, and while the cone was bland, it was more than made up for by the cost: $7 for two. Considering the prices at other yogurt places, it felt like a steal. And the girl behind the counter really made me want to leave this review. Not sure I would completely abandon my Ben & Jerry's, but it was definitely memorable, especially for a light and tasty treat, and especially beats the living hell out of nearby Fro-Yo World.|0|0|0
Zeb06JwkXIvweAkGOsWDqg|svIdwzMXUNDXWjfuMGMezw|2|Stanley's Hamburgers are tasty. They are a bit too pricey for this location in Providence considering that you can just walk across the street and pay half the price for the same type of burger. Not my first choice for a burger but if your looking for a burger only joint in this area than Stanley's Hamburgers is the place for you.|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|JYDVoFrHk1CHGOCCo7TsJQ|5|Delicious. We went here after my sister's Brown graduation and gave a splendid time. A few highlights:Rhubarb tart: Not too sweet. My mom doesn't eat crust and she ate this crust.Baked Pasta: Savory and not so creamy that you feel like a whale after. MmmGrass salad: great blue cheese and the dressing isn't so overpowering that the fresh produce cannot shine. Although it could be a bit more special. Fava bean salad: over dressedScallops: best I've ever tasted. Fresh and not chewy. Chocolate bread pudding: super rich dark chocolate. Served with creme fresh. Cheaters Lasagna: giant meatballs in a loose lasanga. Lots of large skinned tomatoes. Not a ton of cheese or pasta-just the way I like it.Bruschetta: served the "traditional" Italian way, without tomatoes. We were surprised when it arrived as oiled bread but still enjoyed it. Come tomato season they better add them back!They don't usually take reservations except for large parties, memorial say wknd (brown grad), valentine's day and labor day. Cannot wait to return!|1|0|1
5q1rfOna_PlzdTI24MpqqQ|Wbwv4at33RscYwinLrxA4A|4|The crowd here can be very different depending on the evening that you go-- anything from local politicians, to J&W students, to artists, to young professionals. This place is always mixing it up, so if you feel out of place the first time her, try to come back on a different night or later/earlier in the evening. The food is decent, but I think most people come here for either the drinks or for whatever live performer is here. The decor is great-- the place always looks clean, and it has a very put-together atmosphere. Its comfy too-- their chairs are for sitting down and hanging out for a while. SideBar has a great location -- close to a lot of downtown clubs,  the theater, the university, etc. Parking can be tricky, but the same can be said for anyplace downtown!|0|0|0
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|0rTRu4kGGcApI4INdmSU4g|2|There might be great things to say about Andreas for Greek dinner, but don't expect much of a Mediterranean styled weekend brunch.  I found very little imagination here for any kind of brunch menu.  My longtime dining companion and I found our egg en trees to be uninspired and the staff unenthusiastic.  Maybe Sisyphus brunches at Andreas.  Zeus demands better.|1|1|1
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|OfdX0DGrAET9jqn_7gkXww|1|Nothing special here. Empty around the time of fourth meal, and utterly unappealing. I came with an appetite of course, and settled for pepperoni classic just to satiate my hunger. It was greasy, spicy, but in a quick-made college student with a microwave manner. I felt that it was also overpriced at about 3 dollars a slice since the ingredients seemed cheap. The employees seemed like typical college hippies that didn't give a rat's ass about the lone customer waiting for help. Hmph. *crosses arms*|1|0|1
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|6kEJhXXIpH7VP97OBLvHkQ|4|Looooove their smoothies and nutella crepes with bananas.  I've never ventured out to try any other crepe. If I were still in RI, I definitely would!|0|0|0
87h9WI6h9cjNHxQd0FizBA|mjkqYTie6toPuX5M-nx4Fw|4|I'm going ahead and giving Rue De L'espoir 4 stars for one reason, and one reason only... okay two reasons.1) The sourdough bread2) Burger and Beer Tuesday NightsI think the free bread served at Rue De L'espoir is possibly the best free appetizer bread I've had ANYWHERE in providence thus far. The waitress comes around with this cute little homestyle french basket of fresh, HOT bread, and tells you to "take a few, take the who basket if you'd like." I could have been happy just eating the bread and butter for dinner.Second, tuesday night is $15 burger and beer night.You get to pick the type of burger (veggie, beef, turkey, etc.) with TWO toppings of your choice (I got the goat cheese and roasted red peppers) and your choice of beer from a delightful seasonal list. It was one of the best turkey burgers I've had, and the french fries are REALLY really good.As far as the regular menu goes, I do think the prices are a bit steep which is out of proportion to its "homestyle" vibe and flavor. But overall, if it's tuesday night, I'll always be down for Rue De L'espoir.|0|0|0
mMbrhKD5kE5pLBi76BQbpA|YF92e4kjHHiIZcjmKBVJbA|2|I ate at 3 Steeple Street for the first time on Valentine's Day.  It was the perfect spot for a romantic dinner--small, dark, but still fairly bustling.  There was a much younger crowd (20's) than I'm used to seeing at nice restaurants in Providence, which was cool.  I ordered the scallops wrapped in bacon with garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus.  Our food was delivered quickly which was very much appreciated, but my scallops were grainy and the bacon was soggy.  Not awful, but I definitely wouldn't order this again.  For desert we ordered a chocolate lava cake, which was so incredibly blah I swear they must have just ordered it pre-made from Sysco.   3 Steeple Street also features two Providence restaurant scene staples: grilled cheese and mac and cheese.  Some day I will solve the mystery of why these two comfort foods seem to be on every menu in PVD...If you don't mind paying a little more, Mill's Tavern has much better food than 3 Steeple Street, and the ambiance is just as good.|0|0|1
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|qhXzRCaOefWM2v_Ux48YoQ|5|Top Down my Favorite Restuarant of all Time!!!!  This place is one of the only things I miss about living in rhode island!!!  I lived in Rhode Island the year of 2010 as I had a work assignment there. When I came to find an apartment a friend took me to 10...I was back there the next night...and went back as often as possible.  I recently visited a friend in Boston and we went down to Rhode Island just to go to Ten...I looked at the menu and saw my favorite entree..the XO steak (filet mignon topped with Scallops) was no longer on the menu....but it wasn't a problem, cause as soon I expressed my concern, the bartender immediately asked the chef to make it for me which they did!! The meal was fantastic, drinks are great, staff is nice...and the Dessert menu is in 3D!!!  My favorite dessert is bananas foster!!  The place is a little pricey...but believe me..the experience..atmosphere and the food are all definitely worth it!!!|0|0|1
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|IhmBr-yHC8xLjdnoq7O37w|4|falafel is not THAT GOOD. however the baklava is freaking delicious and so is the chicken kabob wrap. i thought the toppings really made the wrap and that hot sauce is yummy. hummus was pretty run of the mill but still above average.|0|0|0
VmWymzt1wSYtjpm6oDXFjA|im1wz9pO7eFNcWrrtfIMpA|4|This place is probably the best Thai restaurant in Providence. The taste is pretty authentic. Unfortunately, quintessentially Thai (as in those would be served in Thailand) dishes aren't on the menu, but they tend to be accepting of requests.|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|3yMXOQpWD2Gx1MN-og6jMQ|5|Well worth the trip from DC! The food was amazing, the staff were very attentive, and the wine and drink list were very extensive. On top of all that, we met some very friendly people.The food is made from ingredients from the local area (or as far as Vermont, but that's still close!) and the chef offers a 3 course prix fixe, 5 course tasting menu or 7 course tasting menu. Being right across from the theater, it's perfect for dinner before the show. We will definitely be back!|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|e7rTDywVPZDI3yN61MGHOw|3|The pizza is good. Be sure to get a salad! The salads here are always fresh.|2|0|0
P2r5tl57DWK5AcZ_GiSvWg|qs-2OgFAsKZ5rfcWYnyYSg|2|Unfriendly people, danger town crust and pretty overpriced. I don't dislike all of Pizza Pie-er's pies, I just haven't had a good overall experience. So now, after two attempts (one having been after a bit of drink which usually makes pizza like foods taste better) I can't see myself going back very often.  The counter staff seemed impatient and standoff-ish, which was a big part of the negative, and I have to say that the pizza quality really seems to vary.  One of the times the dough was a nice chewy consistency, although I'm normally a thin crispy crust sort of person, but the other time I was ill-fated and received an under-cooked pie.Pizza can be done much better that what is at Pizza Pie-er.  If you have a need, they're around but treat it as sustenance instead of gourmet and you'll be happy.|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|xpVWpxMBXmYS1xSeeralOA|2|Okay. Too pricey for a soggy slice of pizza.|1|1|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|u70-2NUeqiax70PihH9PWw|5|First time in this restaurant and I love seafood. Not sure about the other reviews but in a nutshell - a great wine list including Russian River Foppiano Shiraz which we ordered. The oysters were fresh and perfectly chilled. There was quite a variety from the eastern seaboard and Canada. I ordered the George's Bank Scallops Oscar and they were fabulous - forget getting them deep fried, these were perfectly grilled and served with asparagus on top and a tangily wonderful lemon butter sauce. Roasted winter vegetables accompanied and they were perfectly roasted and flavorful. Finished it off with a rich 3 layer chocolate cake in an espresso sauce (I hadn't eaten the whole day with delayed flights coming from LA. I loved the food here, friendly efficient waitress and a wonderful modern contrast to PVD's old town.|0|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|rjRqCX4Y7Idax9cenia3HQ|1|bad, bad, bad, bad, bad... i reeeeeeally don't usually do this, but literally everything was sub par about this place.  the gatekeeper dude who seats people has to be the most agressive, surly host i've ever encountered at a restaurant.  after about an hour wait on a saturday morning, our party was seated at a (very intimate) shared table with another party who happened to be quite nice... but the shared table situation wasn't exactly what any of us had in mind, nor had it been intimated to us we'd be sitting with someone else.no bearing on the rating, but louis also has some of the lamest, worst art i've ever seen in a restaurant in providence.the real kick in the pants came from the food, though.  how can a place that's so busy serve nothing but food that tastes like it's been sitting below an underpowered heat lamp for the past week?  i think someone else on here mentioned the unmelted cheese on the huevos rancheros, but it bears mentioning again.  i could barely get the damn things down.  are brown students afraid to leave college hill to get some real breakfast?  maybe that's how this place stays afloat.|2|0|0
dQfvxeuNNqku7mozkk4Y3w|svIdwzMXUNDXWjfuMGMezw|3|Haven Brothers has been around forever is a good place to go for that late night snack before starting for home after a night on the town. You just cannot expect a gourmet burger at Haven brothers. This is the wrong place for that. Cheese burgers, Fries, Tuna melt's and other quicksandwiches are all you going to get here which is fine for that 2am filler. They are ok in my book.|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|x0ssJ-DivE8juk2jKRZ7_A|3|Excellent food poorly served.or...Servers so nice you just can't stay mad at them.I can't decide on a title for this.Here's how it went down: 2 of us walk in on their busiest time of the weekend- they told us they were cleaning off our table.  15 minutes later the party of 4 that walked in after us was seated.  There was a small exchange that started with my GF asking how long it would be until our table was ready and ended with the woman who would go on to be our server suggesting we ask guests of said table how long they planned on staying.  Seriously.  That just happened.We were hungry enough that we decided to stay (knowing we faced an inevitable wait at any other place) and some 5-10 minutes later they politely crammed us into a "snug" corner, with my poor GF dragging her backside through the neighboring couple's salad.  No harm done.The decor of The Duck and Bunny is absolutely charming.  It looks like a half a season of Trading Spaces was shot here.  Every bit of the space has the same eclectic polish with the highlight being their replicated masterpiece paintings, all of which now have ducks and/or bunnies.My seat was a bench by the window; and when I say "by" I actually mean "the windowsill was where my back is supposed to go."Here's what I saw happening ALL around me: there was never a time when every single table around me wasn't waiting on something- empty plates taken away, a check to be delivered, empty drinks being refilled, to be greeted... you name it.The ONLY thing that seemed to happen consistently was the kitchen delivered plate after plate of very well prepared dishes in what seemed like the blink of an eye.  It is an absolute slap-in-the-face to the cooks for great food to be overshadowed by such abysmal service.My Florentine style benedict dish was excellent, and (luckily for me) needed nothing else, period.  Unlike my coffee, which needed milk, which I never got.The waitress never stopped being apologetic and kind, and that's probably what saved this rating from 2 stars.  Of course, I had to let her know I was dissatisfied by leaving substandard gratuity, which, for me is %15, and thus, she probably doesn't know how dissatisfied we really were, if at all.I will probably go back.  It will not be when they are busy.|2|3|2
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|2cOWZeSIZ_Ejs4RC5X3V1A|4|Mama Kim's is by and far the best roadside food vendor.  Granted some items on the menu fall outside my tastes, however many of their items are delicious to all.  The dumplings are a must.  Give it a try if your in the Brown neighborhood.|0|0|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|pHXVQ0ypzTd7Jy7qBDOAJw|3|Things to love about Olga's:*Beautiful garden that morphs with the rhythm of the season.*My favorite baked goods in PVD. Breads, cookies and other gorgeous sweet little delights, The Seeded Bagel Experience of flavor and crunch takes me to my happy place at the start of a workday.*Succulent sandwiches and crispy cornmeal-crust, creative wee pizzas*New Harvest Coffee Roasters coffee Things that cloud the love:*Steep prices*How is the system still NOT figured out here? I mean the ordering (where's the line? which register? both?), the paying, the getting food to your table, the awkward coffee station, the having to ask for napkins on request only. You know... THE SYSTEM. That thing that holds everything together, the thing that's supposed to be the invisible hand that moves it all along so intuitively that the customer doesn't even know it's there. A little more consistently friendly wouldn't hurt either.|1|0|0
VXAJvtWSzeFzZinJRs75rg|HayM8BOYcuudJ-W6iQ0SkQ|2|Over the past few years in Providence, Spice has remained the same. The food is always OK, not good or great. Just low-mediocre. On my most recent excursion I wanted something super spicy- I had a cold/virus/fever etc. and I needed to sweat the sickness out. I asked the waitress for recommendations for something that was extra spicy. She recommended the red curry with chicken. The service was normal for take out, about 10 minutes. So how spicy was the curry? Far from inducing tears or burning my mouth. Yes, I was sick and probably wasn't able to taste everything, but how is the red curry supposed to be their spiciest item on the menu?!|0|0|0
YA1V1bpw0PPjAmztikduNA|m2Cwh5ycLIk27bEiZlVJhw|4|Chicken Parm Calzone is awesome. I've been waiting for a deli to open up on Thayer|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|Bmf1WdjsSmyvxpiBnM0JYA|5|The whole wheat thin crust absolutely makes this pizza:) The Greek and White pizza are my favorites.  Great selection of sodas too, not to mention they are open till 2 am!|1|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|RYwcsTU95eVBHG1WVdDRmQ|2|This certainly wasn't the worse meal I've had. The ingredients were generally a grade below what I was expecting; hamburger than looked like 70/30, chicken that looked pale.The concept, as I read it, seemed fairly cool; pick out your ingredients, and get them grilled in your own sauce. However, where it falls flat is the quality.The sauces, and I tried several prior to selecting one, were bland. They weren't offensive, but they certainly weren't setting the taste buds afire. Salad is available in either what appears to be a leafy green or a Caesar. I ate about half of my Caeser, feeling as if the preperation of the dressing was less than stellar; Caeser dressing certainly has its risks, given the ingredients.Perhaps it is because I am simply squeamish, but putting raw meat out where all of your patrons can feel them, touch them, sneeze on them, and who knows what just seems like a bad idea. Is this cross-contamination waiting to happen? That certainly seems like a possibility as people pile different meat types, including options for seafood, chicken, and beef into a single bowl with veggies, pasta if desired, etc. There is a risk of a lot of band things in raw meat that get flushed out during cooking, but just like you don't use the same spoon at home, why should I use the same bowl here.As my server took me around, explaining the concept, the prevelant thing he kept saying was, "just like you would do at home." If I wanted it just like home, I'd eat at home. Sell me on what stands out to your eatery; unfortunately, I don't know if that is possible. I certain use better ingredients at home than Fire & Ice does.One of the things that was brought out was rice & tortillas. Seems like a good idea. The rice was mushy, as if the consistency of rice pudding pending, and the tortillas tasted pre-made from a bag and were stuck together and hard to separate without tearing them.It is a good concept, but there are certainly some areas to tweak, such as process with raw meat, and spicing up the overly bland sauces, before this would be a lock with a discriminating taster.|0|0|0
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|8eJQ2Uo_8s7Mt23kd-9UGg|5|Easily the best BBQ in southern new England. Admitedly, I have only had their ribs because every time I go I can't morally come to terms with wasting a trip on getting anything OTHER than ribs. While you might be tempted to get pork ribs (like I was my first few times) give the beef ribs a shot. You can order a single beef rib, and ever since I did I have prefered the deeper, smokier flavors. I am happy to have FINALLY found a go to BBQ place in southern NE.|1|0|1
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|RwX5d4vvAGbxDShxGEiIjA|4|I went to PF Chang's in Prov Place Mall a few weeks ago for lunch with friends. Waitress and food were great. Only complaint is that there is a major problem with the booth seats. They are so low that a grown adult feels the need to ask for a booster seat! So strange. I mentioned this to waitress and she said that management is aware of the problem with the booths. The seats (especially the part of the bench closer to the outside of the booth) basically caved in from repeated use after a few months and nothing is being done about it. What?? The table was a about 5 inches higher on me than every other table I have ever had at a restaurant. Keep this in mind. Ask for a table.|0|0|0
wKaal1Y4D9DIJPkHVNyP_A|X4zIP-oyKx4aKfsiYXpVNQ|5|Definitely my new favorite Provi restaurant.  Went here for New Years and loved everything I tried!  The atmosphere was nice.  Liked that you could see all of the action in the kitchen.  Theres a really fun menu.  You can get different meat and cheese boards and choose from a list for different hot and cold apps.  And the pasta entree was amazing!|0|0|0
YwHAVxQyHC3NekG8wUTtew|VXMCDvwzycqL_59jTCLyVQ|5|I found this place by accident.  My friends had stopped in this place nearby which was just too crowded for my taste, so I said I'd wait for them accross the street.As long as I was sitting at their outdoor table, I ordered some coffee and some oreo ice cream pie. The pie was great! I wasn't expecting it to be as good as it was. Then another friend came over and sat with me, so we ordered some mild chicken wings.OMG, they were the best wings I ever had! Big and juicy, perfectly fried, and with a great mix of seasonings.I live in Boston, but I am planning to take the train down to Providence one of these days to get some more of those wings!|0|0|1
9hjuKkPO0LryqAq1xSfpuA|rVrsWTJHyUeNOwHmozpGkQ|4|The decor was totally nothing special, but I thought the food was great here -- better than most Indian. BUT it tasted even better the next day, heated up.|0|0|0
IL96KSxK3ov1m-1WQV8MLQ|lP6X0JEsFT_I4lSTyi4HyA|5|I think this is by far the cutest cafe in Providence. Very refreshing to not have to force myself to finish my dunkin donuts iced coffee( since it usually tastes like shittt)  The color scheme is adorable, I love the green and brick... not to mention the array of live plants all over!Latte was delicious. Iced coffee was perfect. And if you get a chance, check out the bathroom the owners husband did AWESOME robot drawings , looks amazinggg.|0|0|0
YEUgaDmoKvYQynNgVGenbw|GIbxefKhaTybhv6bYsl9ZA|2|A little over Priced, and they really need more than one person making sushi. There was hardly anyone there when I went, and it took me 30 minutes to get my sushi. I'd rather go to Haruki's and have bad service, but have my food handed to me quickly. The saving grace for the place is the fact they have a FREAKING SHARK in the tank behind the bar. That is freaking sweet. I could have sat there watching the shark swim around all day. I didn't have any drinks, the price of the sushi turned me away from ordering anything other than two different types of rolls. It was a bit dark in the place, and to be honest I'm not sure how I feel about that. Certanily not Kid Friendly. It's one of those Resteraunts you want to shoot people in the face for bringing their screaming kids. It's just too small and the atmosphere screams " Let's relax. OKAY."|1|1|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|iCppbv3C7XvCyzIZnNQ7fg|1|I don't get the place.  Why is this supposed to be good?  I thought it was a horrible place and the food was not great.  The atmosphere is dreadful. The drinks were expensive and the service lacking. Why? Why? Why? I just don't get it. Maybe I'm some sort of ludite but I just don't see the point of walking around and selection food like this.|2|1|2
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|w632gyGzUzqIhFhP3KFfFA|4|I am a big fan of this place. If you are looking for a good burger(sliders) and an excellent beer selection, this is your place. It does not have the best seating situation and the service can be a bit slow if it is busy, but the staff is friendly and Harry seems like a decent enough guy.  I prefer off nights and try to sit at the bar if at all possible. Never had a problem with undercooked meat as someone else posted.|0|0|0
zOtmzrVbiiUjsqrPBLPq2w|3iehH-tIg2fbD0gjpkkcpA|1|Disastrous lunch experience here. We were wandering around and hungry and this place promised pizza and tapas, both of which I like. We wandered in, and the space looked cheerful. Everything was fine until the server took our order and then gave us our beverages.The food just wouldn't arrive. The folks at the table next to us were seated after we were, and yet they were mostly done with their lunch by the time our food showed up. At one point, our server asked us, "How is everything?" And I really wanted to blurt out, "What everything? We have no food!" She didn't really seem to be interested in getting our food to us, nor did she seem to have the slightest idea that a long delay would be annoying to guests at a restaurant.When our food finally showed up, we realized that the people who designed the menu have no idea what words mean. "Tuna ceviche with crunchy taco" consisted of three or four slices of (not that fresh) tuna cut in an imitation of sashimi with some sweet-ish sauce, accompanied by greasy tortilla chips. If I hadn't been so annoyed, I would've actually found it funny that "beef brisket bbq with soft taco" translated into brisket (tasty enough) on pita bread and some form of tzatziki sauce. The beet salad actually delivered what it promised--beets, dressing, goat cheese, and watercress--and it was fine.The high Yelp rating strikes me as completely misleading.|3|1|1
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|c_Luj2zmb18rmRxm60wLYQ|5|If you are in Providence, this IS the coffee spot. Nothing else comes close. Try the lattes...mmmmmmmmmmm!|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|HJwtiTBS9GMaazLdheETUg|1|Worst place ever. Me and my friend ordered salads with no meat. We both got violently ill. I'm gonna have to assume that the salads were cross contaminated with raw chicken or something else. I'll never eat here again.|0|1|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|F6MPrQ5oxQL2Wq1v5ENDzA|5|I had a nice dinner at Hemenway's.   On Mondays they offer half off raw bar if you sit in the dining room.   The halibut was perfect.   The scallops, very tasty and tender.   Overall a great experience.   Good service, good food, good ambiance.   A great choice for a great meal.|0|0|0
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|fSFeumgZY0pFqeZ2A4uRfQ|4|This was the first time I've ever had Korean food and have been hooked every since. For anyone who has never had it definitely go with their Beef Bulgogi. Thats what the Korean dude i met inline told me and he did not disappoint !! hahaI have had a lot of different items from them and I loved it all. Their specials change every couple or so days so you have to keep up with them on twitter to see what they have and where they are parked that day. Their fried chicken is ridiculous, i wish they had it more often but i guess it keeps me from getting sick of it. It always sells out quick so if you are fortunate enough to get there and there is some left, thank your lucky stars.GET SOME|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|oXLz0_Cx2735wXgEgHr6Yg|3|Nothing like a gift card to draw one to a restaurant. Could be good, could be bad. Cuban Revolution was, well, somewhere in between. I've had their cuban sandwich. Good, but done better elsewhere. This time I had a big old plate of peasant food. Rice, beans, a plantain or two and shredded pork. I thik the dish was called the Havana Platter. The carbs felt good in my belly (there is something mysterious about beans and rice, yum) and the pork was nicely cooked but bland.Been here twice, no need to go back. Time to try another place.....|0|0|0
LLMIzRMVcu_F7gwfdY_wSQ|Wb3lr1zYbESrUqpnDqcc_g|5|What a fun place!  I love sitting at the bar with the ice trough where my oysters can happily wait for me.  The bartenders have always been friendly and helpful.Food-wise, I've had oysters, some of their bento boxes, and the fish & chips.  All have been top notch though the portions on the boxes are a little small.  Prices aren't very steep though so adding an extra app or sharing an entree is very doable.I love any reason to go to Ama's.  The Avery across the street for a before or after drink is an added bonus.|3|2|3
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|eXqBxkGEAKQBBfmsyXEXwQ|5|This is my FAVORITE vegan pizza place and probably one of the things I miss most about home. This artsy hole-in-the-wall has so much character - from the Shepard Fairey artwork donning the walls to the staff behind the counter. My personal favorite slice is the vegan BBQ chicken. As far as vegan goes, it's pretty awesome. The "cheese" they use is melted perfectly and tastes like the real thing. My carnivore father was even a fan. Combined with a Virgil's rootbeer, you've got my idea of the perfect afternoon meal.|2|0|2
IL96KSxK3ov1m-1WQV8MLQ|snjP8ZfEmwr8HAwYHr320Q|4|This is just the kind of place that downtown Providence has needed--very relaxed, with comfortable, pretty, but mellow seating in a room with floor to ceiling windows, plants, etc. Service was very friendly.  I only had iced coffee, but the coffee was good (and I'm a snob about that) and far exceeds anything else downtown--we have long bemoaned the lack of decent coffee in downtown Providence when we're heading to the theater and need that pick-me-up.  Can't wait to try the food!|0|0|0
IL96KSxK3ov1m-1WQV8MLQ|qewG3X2O4X6JKskxyyqFwQ|4|Sustenance and buzzage: isn't this all you really need? Oh wait, and a pleasant environment in which to enjoy these staples, and Small Point delivers all three! Ravenous for breakfast I wandered into Small Point and ended up with a big bowl of yogurt and granola with fruit and a latte. While the latte tasted a bit bitter, I was pleased with the overall effect of the combo and the enjoyable surrounds. On a second visit, I warmed up with a cup of oatmeal (they have some tasty varieties) and a tea. The tea lineup is impressive with a selection of green, black and herbal (if for some reason you're skipping the buzz.) Service was sweet, and camping out to get some work done was no problem.|3|2|2
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|Up0qlOHfNj57b3RtTEGA-A|2|This burger bar has a lot of hype. The burgers are nothing to write home about and getting a tastier one is expensive once you include necessary add-ons. The french fries were pretty gross and do not expect to find any gluten-free options unless you like a patty on a plate. The only thing I thought was excellent was the guacamole which is worth a stop in, or maybe outside on the patio during waterfire.|0|0|0
87h9WI6h9cjNHxQd0FizBA|5pBmHEAe58BHC_Kvngq32w|4|Okay - I get the tepid reviews of my fellow Yelpers, I do!  But every time I go to Rue, I just have such a wonderful time!  Maybe it is the company.  Maybe it is because this was one of my first places I ever went to after moving to RI 8-years ago.  Maybe it is because they underwrite NPR.  Maybe it is because they hit my soft spot of being a social-conscious, and local charity-supporting business.This is my favorite brunch in RI.  It is clean, you don't have to wait or eat on top of other diners, and they have a nice AM cocktail menu.  I like the simple, classic dishes - I think it is what they advertise: American cooking with a French soul.The Thai crabcakes beni?  The breakfast burrito?  The savory crepes?  I heart them all.  I like how the menu changes around as well.  Coffee is strong, and service on point.They take reservations, and are open pretty much all-day, every day.  Dining specials (building your own burger and a beer on Wednesday for under $15?) certain days of each week, and a separated bar area from the main dining section.It is cheery and bright, and one of the few places I can take the entire family (including my 95+ year old grandmother) when they come to visit.  Not too loud so my father's hearing aids don't work; not too quiet, so when my good girlfriend tells a raunchy joke we don't have to worry about offending everyone else.Maybe it's not your cup of tea - but if you like going out for a good simple meal, not being rushed through or elbowed by the guy at the table next to you - try it.  Maybe you'll like it too!|1|0|3
Me0m9753dQgbcxdLpQq50A|VqSFTE5f-mDzoLeXS-16xw|4|A very cozy place perfect for spending a few hours relaxing and doing work.  There is a great selection of both hot and iced caffeinated drinks and a small selection of breakfast and lunch sandwiches and pastries.  The staff is very personable and make you feel at home right away.  They just got a small couch that added to the relaxed atmosphere of the place.  Two things I would change about the place: more wall decorations, and different music selection.  As of right now, the walls are empty - I could see this place being a great venue for emerging artists.  And while the volume of the music was appropriate, the selection was a little off - a little heavier than I would pick for a coffee shop.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|WJbauYv8AiBhBoH8K9AGYw|4|How! 45 minute wait!?! I know it is Black Friday; but there isn't a P Bruins game in town...My past visit have been excellent with enjoying the Gorgonzola Tater Tots as an app & Building My Own Burger. I have sat at the bar the 2 previous times; but not an option tonight having my kids with me. The bar service has been good each time I've been here previously. The noise level can get loud; but that is expected at a restaurant/bar and an open floor plan. This is a good place to hit.|0|0|0
6fz6hlH9LDkZ9jwtwBVOEQ|8AHwby4ShZdbKRbYhCMh9w|1|why the 1 star you ask? well one would think after trying to finish their Cannon style drink canisters i would give this place a raving review..but alas my credit card was over charged along with a few others in my party so the Rating dropped...sorry Spatz you had me at cha-ching!|0|1|0
YEUgaDmoKvYQynNgVGenbw|nWSxq7oUGbHdnKEyak0oow|3|I ended up here on a Saturday night with some friends for drinks. We sat at the bar and just hung out looking at the shark tank. The shark tank is pretty freaking cool. Luckily thats what we were facing, because when we got up to leave I noticed that the wall behind us was unpainted and in mid-remodel state, which seems.. odd.  I liked that they had octopus' hanging from the ceiling at the back of the restuarant. The drinks were strong and delicious and the bartender was skilled. At one point I asked "for something pink" (I know, this is an embarrassing story) and she whipped up a delicious something or other without hesitation. I would definitely go again for drinks and hookah.|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|9U30DANobkrn3Zlu6T9p6Q|4|Came in here tonight and was impressed - great service, cool atmosphere and really good Indian food:-Shrimp Varuval - awesome-Chicken Tikka Masala - perfect execution of this classic dish-Tandori Sampler - really liked this combination of tilapia, chicken and shrimp-Naan - overcooked and not the best Naan I've hadI'll definitely be back... probably to try the Sunday Buffet|1|0|1
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|VOU5VncqoxFJvwR5nQLsWw|5|Best sushi in the state, hands down (and I think at this point I've tried them all!). Nothing else compares. Service can be a little spotty, but the quality, freshness, and price of the food is tough to beat. Sakura - you complete me. Don't change a thing.|3|3|3
ZCNv3o4kekN2PPUTlP294w|iK0rgnRqD_UjxTG-XSMz1w|5|There is no better place in RI for relaxing with friends ~ great drinks, great prices ~ a great family run Tavern! Maurice and Michelle make you feel at home!|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|uNOnEcYWflXoD1ABWp4oLA|3|I have given the D&B several tries and unfortunately cannot muster up a better rating than 3 stars...Cons: slow, inexperienced service. I wish I could chalk this up to an off-day for a server (having been one, I know what it's like to have a crappy day) but I honestly cannot say I've ever had exceptional service from any of the waitstaff. I've been ignored, forgotten, I've had experiences where the servers were downright rude. I will say however that the owners are very nice.Cons: I love cupcakes, and I've had a few that were good, however 99.9% of the time, they are stale :( very disappointingPros: the atmosphere is great, love the fireplaces, free wi-fi, super cozy spotPros: the remainder of the food on the menu is consistently good. the fries are AMAZING. Pros: the tea selection is great, as is the wine/proseco, beer, etc. Pros: they are open lateOverall: ehh. I would recommend for a late afternoon tea/lunch. You will wait forever for everything when it's busy. As far as the cupcakes go: I have found better places in Provi for cupcakes.|1|0|0
jqV58g6tYX4Sx_BLx2ysMg|VqSFTE5f-mDzoLeXS-16xw|5|This is my go to coffee shop.  I love their selection of tea, coffee (yes I have tried the coffee that doesn't taste like coffee), and food. This is one of the few coffee shops in Providence where you can spend hours working because their selection of sandwhiches is worth sticking around for.  I especially enjoy the padded benches that hug the outside walls and the nice spaced out tables outside.  A few downsides that have not detered me at all:  The toilet tends to back up, the heat is sometimes a little warm, and they do not carry coke but pepsi|0|0|0
it9mZRfzo9DsFmddSESLbw|Wbwv4at33RscYwinLrxA4A|5|I agree with everything in Victoria K's review. Sawaddee is basically an extension of my own kitchen when I'm too tired or lazy to cook for myself. Because I'm lazy and unimaginative, I only eat the pad see ew or green curry beef with white rice. I've tried some of the other menu items and been very happy with them, so it seems like their menu is consistently good across the board. Surprisingly, they have great customer service. The place is always packed every night of the week, and they do a lot of take-out orders as well. I eat here way too often. I love Sawaddee. Helpful hint: Valpak sends out coupons for Sawadee so check for them in the mail!|0|0|0
qORXhU_iKug_O7vGA8jr1Q|SNNqHITC-UJCC-ouNLfxpA|5|My "followers" know my feelings on "suburban" Chinese food but this is a killer spot for lunch.  Wicked cheap, friendly and more than you can finish.  Never a complaint!!|1|0|0
VXAJvtWSzeFzZinJRs75rg|ZW217qAFcBZIFYQleDnm8g|3|I stopped here to pick up some take out before leading an "out for lunch" session on the Brown campus.Service wise? 4 or 5 stars. They were friendly, quick, and my food to go was ready in less than 15 minutes from me walking in the door -- not bad.The food itself? Meh.  I had the tom ka(r?) soup, which is always one of my favorite thai dishes.  It was ok, but SUPER thick and fairly flavorless. The pieces of squash and carrots were HUGE and hadn't really been cooked, and definitely had no place in a nice soup.  There was one humongous chunk o' broccoli, and a few floating mushrooms as well.  It was like drinking warm, lemongrass flavored melted ice cream.However, the Massaman curry redeemed "Spice." It was delicious, not too spicy, and even in a to-go container, provided more than enough for a nice lunch.A little pricey for what I got, but I'd expect that around a college campus.  Worth checking out, just stay away from the soup.|0|0|0
BxmSFfCPQN_bg24l44a56Q|vbA4AbYWICsfT10ng3yYlg|5|If your looking for a night to remember, definitely head to the dorrance. From the building, to the drinks and the food, you must get to the old federal reserve for the experience. I am blown away by how beautiful the interior of the restaurant, and while you may feel like you need to get all dressed up and on your best manners, this isn't entirely so. While manners should never be thrown out the door, don't feel the need to be dressed to the nines. I felt very laid back and comfy throughout dinner and enjoyed each of my three courses. The servers really helped to make the meal memorable as well. Get over to the dorrance ASAP and have the jalepeno margarita for me!!|0|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|MT-73fkI8lI8Yst-6M_-cA|4|NOTE:  If you stay at the Hampton Inn and own flannel or dark framed glasses, you have hit the jack pot. This place is two blocks away.Now why would I say a thing like that. Well, for starters, The Red Fez doesn't have a sign, which means it's obviously sweet. The YELP cover photo is misleading. All I saw was the number 49 and a menu outside. The two RISD students at the bar were very congratulatory on my exploratory skills.  It's really dark. I sort of feel like I'm eating dinner in a friend's basement during a power outage and all I can see are the candles illuminating the mounted animals and Lord of the Rings figurines. It has two floors and they play the type of music that hipsters listen to and try to one up each other with their iPod playlists at parties. Once in a while I try to sneak in some early 90's dance music, but noooo...  Imagine if Rhythm Is A Dancer came on at this bar; people might explode.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYIaWeVL1JM&feature=related As much as I joke about this place, I'm very much drawn to it. The BBQ Cheeseburger and house pickles were legit. This was the second place today where a burger was served on the softest potato roll in existence. Nice going, Providence!The menu of comfort food was short and cheap. The full bar had a few solid micro-brews on tap and the Champagne of Beers in a bottle for a cheaper option. Although I did notice that The Red Fez got ROTD today, I surprisingly found this without the help of YELP when I drove into town last night. Good option, instead of all the fancy bigwig bars nearby.|1|3|1
AMcQOPu1hcSl7f6iguru3Q|SNNqHITC-UJCC-ouNLfxpA|3|Joe's is fine for mall food.  The Cobb Salad is worth it, but its hard to justify spending 20 bucks on lunch.  The service is good but in some ways annoying, like someone on a bad date who REALLY wants it to work.|0|0|0
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|rkDyfkPMBXXX5GKeBxhQdA|3|I have never been disappointed with a visit to Andrea's, but also am not usually super impressed. On my last visit, I got the Beef Souvlaki. It was really tasty but the meat was really chewy, making it extremely difficult to eat as a sandwich. The Greek salad that comes on the side is really tasty also, but I opted for fries instead which were warm and crispy - yum! The portion size was pretty small for dinner, next time I would probably get an appetizer or salad also. The service was very good, as it always is when I go. I will definitely be back here, but it's not one of my favorite restaurants in the area.|0|0|0
PPsQwCCtPPXcpgy_kCyfFQ|HWIkv4fFVHl69OTr468VVg|3|As the only food service within the Providence Amtrak Station, Cafe La France essentially faces no competition. While the cafe could take advantage of its exclusivity, providing food that is mediocre at best knowing that many travelers have no alternative, the cafe instead makes an effort to provide palatable options to its patrons.The breakfast menu is basic, consisting of a typical selection baked goods as well as egg sandwiches. The sandwiches, served on rich, buttery croissants, are filling but otherwise unremarkable, a characterization I recall particularly because I found the croissant to be rather greasy.In contrast, I found their non-breakfast sandwiches to be surprisingly good. Built around generous portions of Boar's Head meats, the sandwiches are simple but satisfying. Their wheat bread was flavorful but not unpleasantly dense as such bread can be, the accompanying vegetables fresh, and the mayonnaise applied lightly enough as to impart a bit of flavor without overwhelming the entire sandwich.Overall, while my breakfast sandwich left me apprehensive about trying Cafe La France again, their other sandwiches redeemed this location, making it a viable place to get food before catching a train. One important thing to note (and a bit of a detractor overall): credit cards are not accepted. An ATM is, however, available in the station.|3|1|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|JauUrzrWq6FE55BwC-b7Aw|5|Eating here was an absolutely fantastilicious experience.I went with two really good friends of mine just to celebrate life and be merry and chose Gracie's because it seemed like a classy place. Everything we ordered was made to perfection and all tasted so fresh. We all went for the $30 3-course prefix (mine was a little more because I ordered the scallops...but so worth it!).The beet salad was beautiful -- beets with gem hues on a bed of fresh greens complimented by ginger pecans. My friend's butternut squash soup tasted like no other I've ever had -- rich tasting, but not overwhemingly creamy or thick, with a very pronounced fruity squash flavor. I have to admit I had a bit of food envy!My scallop dish was composed of local scallops with perfectly roasted brussel sprouts and a vegetable hash on the side. I can't even verbalize how good those scallops were: cooked just right with a little sear on the edges, tender and sweet. It made a good counter to the hearty brussel sprouts.Of course I tried my friends' entrees: one of them ordered the duck and the other the Idaho trout. Both were so delicious I don't really think I could choose a favorite!Dessert was beautiful as well. Everything was as seasonal and local as possible. The servers were so charming. The whole place is so charming. If you're willing to splurge a bit, please do yourself a favor and eat at Gracie's!!|2|0|2
wKaal1Y4D9DIJPkHVNyP_A|Hfad3jVN5zBPd2ZXU7zADw|4|Good place for a leisurely meal before strolling over to see the waterfire.We had a reservation and were promptly seated in the main upstairs dining area.  This is a nice space with high beamed ceilings and an open kitchen. Service was friendly and helpful.  The tapas were fun to try and if I were dining here again, I would probably elect to just do tapas and not order a main course just due the variety or textures, flavors, and fun involved with selection.  I enjoyed our wine very much and would highly recommend trying that if you go and do tapas.  The stone fruit dessert was also a winner.  Wine:   lodolaia 2007 / syrah maremma toscanaTapas:  Friend stuffed squash blossom, cauliflower with truffle oil, duck break crostini, scallops, cheese and meat plate.Appetizer:  Pizza BlancaMain Courses:  Carbonara, SaladDessert:  Stone Fruit Tart|0|0|0
ZCNv3o4kekN2PPUTlP294w|QbcI5G8Qj2X5jV-ncrHnww|2|I used to go to the Wild Colonial every other Sunday for trivia, and I really wanted to like the place, but I've finally just accepted that I don't.  I'm going to write this review in a hit or miss style.Miss--The trivia is fun, but they give you no time to actually discuss an answer.  The questions are incredibly long--more of a short essay than a trivia question, and they read them twice.  While they're reading them, they get upset if you talk (which makes sense), but then they expect your answers right away after the second reading.  There's no time for any kind of discussion so unless you already know the answer, you're pretty much done.Hit--Good beer selection and perfectly poured Guiness every time.  Other reviewers have complained about the lack of cheap beer, and given the dive-y atmosphere, that's fair point.  Personally, I drink Gansett at home and go to the Wild Colonial for a draft Allagash.Miss-- Slow and often rude service. I really hate to single out one person, but the brunette female bartender has been dismissive and downright rude to me and people I've been with every single time I've been there.  She acts like she's doing you a favor by taking your order, and even though I've never ordered anything remotely complicated, filling that order is punctuated by heavy sighs and a layer of attitude that is just unnecessary.  A friend of mine made the mistake of ordering a martini once, and the bartender proceeded to fill every other person's order before even starting it.  It took 30 minutes.  If you hate your job so much, quit.  Don't take it out on me.Hit-- I like the vibe and the layout, it reminds me of some circuitous English pubs I've been in, and there's no trouble finding parking.  What I don't understand, is why they don't seem to use the first bar area right when you walk in.  There are some tables there, but not many, and that whole bar is always unlit and piled with glassware.  It's like you walk through a garage sale to get to the actual bar in the middle space.  Get some more tables and turn the lights on, guys.Hit-- Nachos.  They're good.Miss-- Service, yet again.  This is a bar that has a lot of regulars, and that's cool, but sometimes, as a non-regular (even though I went there every other week for a year and a half), you feel like the staff are barely tolerating you.  I know it's rough working in a bar, and I know that customer service can be draining (cause I do it every day), but I am a dream to serve.  I'm not picky, I say thank you so often it's ridiculous, I'm polite and I make sure I'm ready to order right away.  Yet I often leave this place feeling like they wish I'd never come.I've spent a lot of time and money at the Wild Colonial, but it certainly doesn't feel like 'my' place by any stretch.  I'm sure, in the future, I'll go there and have a nice time, but it's not somewhere I can get too excited about.|3|0|1
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|x_aBr6utOrK1wBQvPfdhaw|4|I went on a Friday night while I was on my vacation. I was amazed by the atmosphere and enviroment the restaurant was in. Right next to Brown University - lively area! There was a very long wait, but I got in with no problem.The service was a tad slow while taking our order, but all friendly gals and dudes. The manager is super nice, too! Chill dude! The food coming out was quick, though considering it was a very busy night!Maybe I was hungry, but everything tasted so yummy and the drinks, too! I had some bowl, scorpian or something, it was super strong that I couldn't even finish it. Opt for a corona with lime instead.Vedict: I'd go back, in a heart beat if I am ever in Providence!|0|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|PVFekEJidqcH3V55HqhIBg|3|sakura is your standard japanese cuisine. the sashimi has always been fresh when i came here and there are lots of yummy rolls to choose from. the staff isn't exactly WARM but they're polite and the service is very quick and efficient.id recommend any of their rolls, but if you're looking for somethng that's not on the maki menu, id recommend the sake oyakodon. it's a big bowl of sushi rice topped with big salmon roe and lots of slices of salmon sashimi. LOVE. non-fish eaters can also come here, because they have some good vegetarian rolls like avocado, eggplant, and asparagus. Heads up: - if you come here with a big group, it's probably a good idea to make a reservation ahead of time and request the back room. it's a nice private room that sits about 13 people comfortably. - there is a minimum of $10 per person|0|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|9F5wwzbcxr21KUQTGmuWtw|5|This place is great.Meeting Street Cafe has been serving the same great food ever since they first opened and it has only gotten better. This is exactly why they have lasted so long and will continue to do business long into the future. They don't let the competition affect them, they just continue to serve the food they truly believe in.It is clear that quality is the keyword to their success. Nearly everything is made from scratch. Every ingredient for everything that comes into the kitchen is selected for a certain reason. They want to provide you with the most high-quality, healthy food, and lots of it. First-timers always leave with leftovers, sometimes more than half of what they ordered.Back to quality. Everything from the turkey and beef used in the sandwhiches to the chocolate in the abnormally big cookies are of the highest quality. The meats are some of the leanest, so good luck finding any fat. They want to serve you the healthiest meals without substituting with any artificial crap. This is real food. Meeting Street has been changing constantly for the best. The quality only gets better. Especially in these rough economic times, they have proved that they are willing to put in the extra effort to survive. They have switched their providers for lower cost ingredients while at least maintaining the same quality. They have even tried some new offerings to give their customers even more options. Just recently they have added fish and it tastes great.I also have to say im always impressed with how clean the entire place is. They don't have much of a bathroom, but it is always very clean and welcoming as if it was your own. They have candles lit and an arrangement of rocks and a tiny fish tank decorating the tiny restroom.My point is that this place is great because they continue to serve the same simple, great-tasting food that they love so much that they even enjoy eating. They will only serve what they enjoy and nothing less.|0|0|0
RD-icRypSMg6nA4Xy8dCUw|KeZLeCyNKet6m4gxlNR-dA|5|Four visits so far and I am working my way through the menu. First visit was a solo recon for takeout soup - impressive enough to get the wife to go with me on the 2nd trip which we both loved. Third and fourth trips with wife and son completing the circle with everyone very satisfied. Expect fresh ingredients, great service and prices.|0|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|WaDYQhBBX-kZ6qoO3SrZfw|1|yuck. there is a reason people pay to have restaurants cook for you. if i wanted to choose my own ingredients, i would stay home. and if i wanted to get salmonella...well maybe Id go to Fire and Ice. Im sorry, I know this is supposed to be part of the fun of it, maybe im a stick in the mud, but the prices were way too high, the food is grotesque, and the process of getting your meal prepared and cooked is not fun (can you say stress).*mmm nondescript red and/or white sauce on vegetables and overcooked noodles with meat thats been handled by other patrons....|2|3|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|LgTQHEtSI42z474OF4FbuA|1|It may not be the popular opinion but I'm really not a fan of Louis. I get the charm aspect fully and I've lived here my whole life and am well aware of this place's legacy with the Brown/RISD crowd. Honestly I've had some miserable experiences here though. One time in-particular, a friend and I ordered our food from the waitress who then preceded to punch out and go home without telling anyone. After half an hour waiting for eggs and toast we finally asked. They had no idea what we were talking about and were pretty rude and annoyed like WE had done something wrong. I don't care about the place's reputation for being a laid-back spot, It was really lame of them considering that we weren't even getting that upset about it.The home fries are really undercooked which really breaks a breakfast place for me. I don't know, I go there only when my friends really want to and now I usually only get their watermelon, which is admittedly awesome and cheap.|2|1|2
IL96KSxK3ov1m-1WQV8MLQ|vdf8jJvwqOcJ4YzKGkuPCA|5|I went into Small Point Cafe because I just happened to be passing by and wanted some coffee.  I'm also a big fan of anything with cheese inside or on top so I also got an egg sandwich on a bagel.Both things were delicious.I got an iced, soy, mocha - for the record.  And I was very happy to find that it was well made, with the perfect mix of coffee and chocolate.The egg sandwich was great, too.  I felt like I definitely got enough eggs and cheese to be satisfied, and the bagel was pretty good as well.The people behind the counter were helpful and friendly.  Even when my girlfriend was unsure of what to order one guy offered to make her a salad out of anything that was available, even though "custom made salad" was not on the menu haha.There was enough seating, and I even saw some board games floating around.I wish I had more time to stay but I guess I'll just have to stop in again.*UPDATE*I went into Small Point again this morning.  I ordered pretty much the same thing and I was still super happy with how my food/coffee turned out.  Even though they were busy I still managed to get in, order and wait for food, and leave before getting a ticket for parking illegally across the street.  This time I also noticed that they have cute books, mugs, etc. in the back-ish for sale.|0|0|0
2fTayx8rmxVAz23BSVH1aA|gE-5s1PtmW5EDXoe3ClLBw|4|After a little acupuncture across the street, I needed a quick snack.Inside, it's a clean little lunchbox of a place with good lighting, easy menus, but not much for pastries or sweets.A nice pulled-pork sandwich stuck out on the menu, and I tried it with the cucumber salad, which was fresh and sesame-y. Not a bad place for lunch if you're in the neighborhood.|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|UnnQ7aPuVPX02WBDakpBVw|4|While wandering around Providence late one evening we were drawn to a building with gorgeous street-level stained glass windows. Inside we found the dining room of the Local 121, closed, and an adjoining bar which was still open.Being after 10pm, the "happy" crowd was gone and though the place was half full, it was quiet and relaxed. We were treated to a nice mix of down-tempo jazz and funk, excellent drinks and a history lesson of the building from one of the locals.Local 121 specializes in serving top-notch cuisine from seasonal, organic, local ingredients. Being that it was late, we didn't get to try the food, so this is a review more of the bar. The next time I am in Providence, I'll be trying this place out for dinner and updating this review.The bartender told me that the place was packed from 6pm until 10pm. After that, the bar is a perfect spot for quiet conversation and a night-cap (or two).For a picture of the gorgeous bar, check out the "cocktails" page under "menus" on their website.|1|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|kxeoHmkoOOlxJOnq-7j8dw|1|I would normally not write a bad review but today bothered me so much it needs to be out there. I often dine alone. I walk the East Side and found Duck and Bunny on one of them. I checked them out online and was excited to see crepes and high tea. All was fine, I was seated and a menu was brought over. On a day that  just brunch is served, it should be stated. An entire menu is presented but you can only order from the back page. I was confused as well as the table I will speak about in this review.I ordered an ice coffee and tea sandwiches. I read my book. Minutes went by. The table of 4 that ordered right after me, was also waiting for their food. The server checked on them several times finally explaining the kitchen was backed up. I was never spoken to. Both owners (I assume) came over as well. They took them mini cupcakes. Then they presented them with their tea sandwiches. I still waited. No one talked to me. Then I received my sandwiches which were thrown on my table. The table of 4 cancelled the remainder of their order. They had to leave. They were given a GC to return back. No one talked to me. I finished my meal and I was asked if I wanted my check. Not how the food was, not how I ate without a napkin, just you want your check. I paid. I did leave a tip, of 20% on the full bill. My intent was to purchase cupcakes but decided against it for obvious reasons. I will also say, I had intended to return that week with my mother for high tea. I dine all over Providence. This fails not because of the food but because of their service. It was disrespectful. I wish them luck but unfortunately bad PR is so much worse than good. Treat your patrons the same. Let me also say, the table of 4 because of the cancelled order, their bill came to the same price as mine. They were parents of their college kids. I live in Providence. My tip and business would have been worth the extra attention.|12|1|4
uJA6Perynk-drhKfX5Fh4w|OfdX0DGrAET9jqn_7gkXww|3|Food is what I expected, greasy diner. Good thick shakes, decent "jukebox." The staff is pretty friendly.. if they do it for tips, I can't tell. The only thing I can't stand are the annoying jerks from Brown University who go in there, order, then complain about the food.And then come back next week and do the same thing. And then come back drunk, piss on the floor of the bathroom and complain how the bathroom is piss stained.|3|3|3
-93uBoiVyQ2ZPABERT621w|wNSrGl5Qf2l0g1Xer7dckg|4|Congress Tavern is a great place to get beers after work.The beer selection is plentiful with about a dozen drafts available and many more selection of bottled beer.  The food is typical Bar food, but it is of high quality.  The bar menus is exactly what you expect and and the food is a pleasant surprise (the fries are good as well).The wait staff and bartenders are prompt and attentive.  Bottom Line: Congress is a good option for a happy hour after work.|1|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|DzUwQFXHEO0ISRp4WLcB0A|4|Reliably interesting and fun place to eat. Love it both upstairs and downstairs. Friendly service. Avoid the deserts.|0|0|0
AKfHinPZ5vdPdHRzpvSWtw|5morYTBm5FtgCsmNcfaqkw|3|I went to Sura with a pretty large group of people (around 8). They were very accomodating and made room for us. It wasn't that busy when we went -- around 7:00pm on a Saturday night. I really love the large variety of foods you can choose from: Japanese rolls, soups to Korean barbeque and other dishes. I got the Chicken Bulgogi (spicy!) and it was delicious. My only qualm is the price. It's a little more that I wanted to spend ($20), so I ended up splitting the dish with a friend. Since we weren't too hungry, it was enough for both of us, but I don't think we got $20 worth of food. Since the dish really only consisted of the chicken with broccoli, bean sprouts, and kimchi on the side, I would probably get udon noodle soup next time. One of the other people I was with got it -- the variety of seafood in it looked amazing.Lastly, the service. The waitress gets some points for making room for such a large group, but she was generally inattentive. More than once I ran out of water and it was a long while before she made her way close enough to the table to realize a lot of the people I was with were running dry as well. Overall, I'll probably give this place another shot when I'm in a much smaller group and see how it is then.|0|0|0
ut_1gB1F-m-tSZwd32w6hw|DTPkOh1YyDcuz1HNNOnZIA|5|From the moment we walked in we were treated to the ultimate in pampering.  I've been three times and it's always been a treat.  From the hostess to the waitstaff to the gormet food, everything was absolutely perfect.  I recommend the filet mignon, deliciously seared on the outside and cooked to order on the inside.  The bar upstairs is the perfect place to have an intimate drink or a casual chat with friends.  Can't wait to go back!|1|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|m1MTSZ0elwmVwe2d32LqzQ|3|I've been to Harry's a handful of times, have always sat at the bar and have always left happy and full.I've seen a lot of complaints about the service, but every time I've been there the folks behind the bar have been nice and attentive.  My glass has never been empty for long!They offer half price sliders between 3-5 which is a plus. The tap beer selection is small but they rotate some pretty decent brews, plus always have a cask offering. The sliders come in pairs of two and none come with fries, but that's fine by us.  The Pastrami Burger is absolutely amazing and generally we'll split an order of sweet potato fries which, for us, is more than enough.|0|0|0
YEUgaDmoKvYQynNgVGenbw|gwQx9aV-6lIIf7tvTOZjlw|4|Made a reservation on Open Table, and got a table without a wait... for all the bad reviews, there was a lot of people waiting...Anyway, we tried 2 of there sushi special and some common other sushi and rolls, and it was excellent and you can't help enjoy watching the sharks in the tank circling constantly! Very dark and cool atmosphere!|0|0|0
SWwP5Na6Z_-rrrt7z0yVmQ|z67oNAZR_uHG84k3Dntckg|5|It was 90+ degrees and a chick on a bicycle gave me delicious pudding pops (team banana!) followed by awesome advice about my new neighborhood. Five stars, obviously!|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|95WICO1PA3DlZo80XBZPeA|3|Been here twice now.   It's okay.    Today's lunch was a failure.  No it wasn't ABYSSINIA fault it was mine.My guests ( golfing buddies) resisted the spicy quaIities of Ethiopean foods.I think I'll put Ethiopean into the same category as lobster: once a year is okay, but I can live without it.|0|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|e8ctA42_X95wLlrf09YZQg|3|La Creperie's food, fortunately, does not fit with the sketchy location down an alley.My tomato, basil, mozzarella, and spinach crepe was hot and delicious. Normally I am a sweet crepe type of gal, but I wanted something with protein in it. This was a good choice; I particularly like that the spinach seemed seasoned with something and added a flavor punch to the dish. My husband had a banana Nutella crepe that he enjoyed. I liked how the crepes were folded into squares that served almost as pockets for the fillings. Even though we used forks and knives to eat them, this shape seemed to make the whole endeavor a bit neater and easier.The location is super-cramped inside and we were unlucky enough to get the table next to the plasticware, so people kept reaching over our food for utensils. Navigating through the crowd to get our food at the counter and then back to our seat was hairy. It was also impossible not to overhear the pretentious conversations of fellow crepe-eaters. I'd take my crepe to go next time.My biggest regret is that I checked in on Yelp after we ordered and paid so I didn't see the 25% off deal until it was too late! (Not La Creperie's fault, though.)|3|0|0
04ZBAOo6ffXkhSICqngaIQ|i5TKDx60dXbjxyDtJEbyXQ|1|There is only one word that describes Tealuxe - YUCK.  From the very, VERY disgusting bathroom that looks like it hasn't been cleaned in months to the table tops full of crumbs to the watery pumpkin chai latte that made me feel sick to my stomach with the first sip I took, my opinion of Tealuxe is that it's gross and was a complete waste of money and time.  My husband and I like our chai lattes, and were pretty excited to come across a place that specialized in tea and advertised pumpkin chai lattes as well as other tempting drinks on the window.  Well... we should have thought twice.  Compounding the grossness of Tealuxe was the service... two very gossipy high school girls who took their sweet time making our drinks and acting annoyed at the sight of us.  I was about to ask to have my chai redone because it was gross and cost $5.00, but then a bunch of folks came in who were apparently friends of the girls at the counter and it turned into a gab fest.  So, my husband and I said forget it, left, and threw our full drinks away in a garbage can outside.  Waste of money.  Tealuxe will definitely not get my business again.  I really hope the store manager reads this, tells the baristas here to get their acts together, and cleans that darn bathroom.|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|s16-BUo-orUsELvMu5ocKg|5|Dorise G. has a lovely breakdown of our dining experience--from staff to food to freebies--so I will just add:- I want to give this place 10 stars for being, and I will speak in terms a Boston foodie understands, a Craigie on Main-food and service-quality restaurant with Garden at the Cellar-level prices in an elegant, yet unique Blue Room-style decor- Cannot say enough about the service: SO friendly and accommodating!- Cannot say enough about the freshness of the ingredients. This is one of those few places where you can literally taste the vine-ripened, just-picked, straight-from-Mother-Earth's-bosom-ness of the food. Delicious!- $9 for a custom-made cocktail, same price as a regular cocktail? And it came out with all the tastes I liked--sweet, fruity with a little bit of sour? SCORE!- Lastly, COME HERE! I cannot believe how affordable this place is for the high-quality dining experience you get.Oh, and the creme brulee. Best creme brulee I've ever had, bar none. :)|3|1|2
4EljqY21fLOtLaoWCJlsIQ|GyNGss56OYoAdg7ANI5M7A|4|I've been a few times with friends for a quick dinner. Service is always great, friendly, and timely. The food is prepared as expected. I have no complaints, really. Being a chain, you don't expect an extraordinary amount of creativity in the food, and you shouldn't. I love the rattlesnake pasta. Fills me up just right. Food is, well, chain food.|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|xhcgw9ye0eFSL_eAji0xbw|5|Favorite place to go get a hot cocoa with soy and whipped cream and share a few butts with friends. Nothing to complain about really, once in awhile there is some strange pretentiousness but I think that comes with any place flocked with tattoos, beanies and macbooks.Better than walking down the street to Zog where they wash dishes in the bathroom, that's for damn sure.|0|0|1
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|C1K9VHWJuBInQTNBEfWqhw|5|Ate at Al Forno for the first time (even though I have lived in the RI-area for over 30 years!) and I plan to make this a regular special-event place to go. It was wonderful all around, the calamari pizza appetizer was to die for, my delmonico steak house special was delicious (only served medium rare, the way it should be), and my rhubarb upside-down dessert was top notch. The waitress received a little more than 20% as she was so knowledgeable about the menu...her personality was understated but she was excellent.For those complaining about the wait, get a group of six and you can make a reservation. Ours was at 5pm and I was told that we needed to be out by 7pm as they had a time-limit in effect this weekend, but we never felt rushed and left our table around 7:15pm (sure enough, we saw the next group of six patiently waiting for our table).Bravo!|3|1|1
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|-iLH3Q2Wg4AMrNUXcgvliA|4|Vive le Revolution!! It lives!!Last year on a trip back to Providence to do a reading at ProvFlux I was totally bummed out to walk by Cuban's old spot and see, alas, a giant hole.Imagine my delight when friends informed me that "fear not, dear one, it's still open, and much improved..."The new space is HUGE. Very nice - love the decor and the outdoor seating options.  Our server was also a really nice dude, very conversational, easy to engage. I do, however, miss the days of feeling like Cuban Revolution was a hidden secret. I miss cramming 12 people inside while a live band played, lap sitting, and drinking beers.Sadly, though the place still has a lot of charm, and the menu's been expanded, the maduros didn't taste quite as sweet, and the beans and rice sort of tasted like they'd sat out for a bit.Alas.Old habits die hard though, so I'll still make a point, whenever in Providence, to journey out of my way to grab food at Cuban. Here's hoping I ran in (possibly too quickly) last night.|3|0|4
J4lY9l9LsKWBTa49cY0-mw|iJMDvVg6Mgl43is4XxIKsA|5|I was lucky enough to attend a Yelp event here recently and can honestly say it was some of my favorite coal fired pizza outside of New York City. I have had some of the best of the best (seriously), and I think they did a fantastic job with the pizza here. The crusts are well-cooked and flavorful, and the toppings are nicely balanced. There really is something here for every pizza lover!In a non-pizza discovery, the baked goat cheese appetizer with ratatouille and grilled bread is absolutely to die for! Also, they have free valet parking! Yes, FREE!! That's always a selling point when surrounded by pay parking lots on a busy evening. I definitely look forward to my next visit! I hope it's sooner rather than later :)|1|1|2
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|3tOmTPbCmECyKkzjoPtnvg|4|Please never go to Wes' and come here instead! It is way cheaper and 1 million times better! After going to college in Louisiana AND Alabama I am pretty picky about BBQ and this is the best i have had in Rhode Island so far. Granted, I've never had the ribs. That might change my rating, but I'm staying optimistic!|2|0|0
L_0dqYPcUK8LrCxbSmwxkA|6tvy0OHHKNWSJIQjeRNNRw|4|When I moved to Providence from the Bay Area, I was utterly unprepared to find myself among hoards of "my people."  I am almost entirely Portuguese, and my mother's mother came here from the Islands--or "The Zilas," as she would say--when she was about my age. I remember my Avozinha as a woman who was always baking, her arms perpetually submerged to the elbows in a basin full of sweet bread dough. She passed away when I was just a kid, and this bakery has all the treats she use to make for me. I've even rediscovered things that I faintly remember from my girlhood--custard-filled pasteis de nata, little tarts filled with bean paste, and rice pudding so thick it's near sliceable. Yum!|7|2|8
QNU9hn3bg_HF6v6UndA6wQ|1hJJXtCULGN8NT2dQtYbMg|3|This place is just called "Waterplace" now, but it is a strong option for Waterfire dinner, if you can get an outside table. Another in the string of Pinelli Marra eateries populating little Rhody, this offers their standard New American fare with a nod to italian. Scillian salad (Romaine, blood oranges, goat cheese, smoked prosciutto) was very good, and large enough to share. Honey Chipotle Calamari was tasty, sweet and smokey. The Pillows from Above (pumpkin Ravioli topped with glazed chicken, sweet peas and candied walnuts) were excellent, but we asked for no walnuts and they forgot and nearly  offed my lady who is uber allergic. Oh well, honest mistake, albeit potentially fatal.Great wine list, and despite the slow service, this was a fantastic al fresco Waterfire meal out. Prices are exceptionally reasoble, as is standard for Pinelli Marra establishments. They have a full two floor lounge and inside dining as well, but if weather permits, enjoy your meal outside.|0|2|0
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|EQloo51OzlB0pryitNFfNw|4|Shanghai! What are you??? Are you a club? Are you a sushi restaurant? Are you a Chinese restaurant? Are you an awkward combination of all three and then some? I think so!Shanghai is one of those places that somehow decided to combine sushi, Chinese food, Thai food, and other Asian foods under one roof, ostensibly to please the white people who don't know any better. Savvy move. Their Chinese food is OK, a bit oily perhaps. Their sushi is a step above, though not the best ever or anything similarly hyperbolic. The spicy scallop roll is delicious and tastes somewhat fresh. They do spicy tuna well, but sometimes the tuna that they place on top isn't the most fresh. Then again, it's not gross or unsafe, just not something you'd find at Nobu or something (not that I've been there, but a girl can dream...). I think if you adjust your expectations and know that it's not going to be the best sushi of your life, and if you know you are sushi starved on College Hill, you will like Shanghai and visit it here and there.|0|0|0
nWu8OljDYmLfbLQqcfW9Sw|eVg8ZrBprFb6iZQVsjIM3A|4|Plenty of menu options, chill environment, but finding parking sucks! I like the ambience of this restaurant, they sell booze so it could be poppin on a Friday night and there's also a little coffee shop set up at the front of the restaurant so all you college kids can bring your MACs and sip your lattes while you study like you do at Starbucks. Definitely recommend this place!|1|2|1
SFeabOilq0-oEhI_BNj62A|RWNJrfBf5l6lnoFWqAm5pQ|4|This was our first time here. Management was great about explaining what they had and what was in each cone. The prices are great and two cones are a very filling meal for less than anywhere else on the street.The food tasted fresh and the crust was great. Mine was cheerfully customised due to allergies.The baklava, homemade, is the best I've had-- crumbly, not too sticky sweet, and the filling is great.I'm only omitting a star because there are only counter seats. As a family, we usually look for places with a table. Otherwise, 5 star!(After I left, I did notice there were a few tall tables on the other side of the restaurant.)|0|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|kEL8CX8CkAIMZIEgS-MrCw|4|I like the donburi and sashimi! The place is very quiet and big. They have Chinese songs as well as Japanese songs going around :)|0|0|0
mdqwn32B4RVJI8_MQLXXHg|-aCCgPpIkAIslHydMKZjFA|5|FroyoWorld is really awesome, because its the only place around town where I can get delicious fruit whenever I want. The fruit buffet is alway stocked with the freshest and best fruits and other stuff. I'm not a fan of Froyo in general, although their Froyo is some of the best I've ever had. The staff is extremely friendly and pretty cute too.|0|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|PpIcuteu8if8EX6fukDPNQ|1|After reading the reviews and hearing from the front desk lady at the hotel, we went to this place for breakfast while on a visit to Brown University.First of all, the place does not look clean.  The guy cooking the food, went from behind the kitchen to the cash register to take money for people paying and then not wasing his hands when he went back.As for the food - what an unappetizing looking mess.  I ordered a 3,3,3 (3 each of pancakes, eggs, bacon).  The pancakes looked as if they had been dropped on the floor, all brittle and broken up and dry.  The bacon was thin enough to see through. And what they called "jelly" for the toast was a liquid in a squeeze ketchup type bottle.  My son ordered a breakfast sandwich that had so much melted cheese on it I expect he will be constipated for a few days.As for the price - for these culinary disasters we were charged over $21.  I told the cook/cashier how disappointing the pancakes were, he said "take $1 off".  Big deal.I saw on one of the newpaper clippings that Brown University was trying to acquire the land a few years ago to expand the campus.  They would be doing us a favor if they did.|1|0|2
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|6tvy0OHHKNWSJIQjeRNNRw|4|I give the Duck and Bunny (or "the snugs" as my friends call it) 5 stars for the menu and 3 stars for the ambiance. FOOD: Most of the foods I've eaten here have been delicious, with the exception of the bacon-date cupcake. The salty bacon frosting was a bit too unique for my tastes, but I'm glad they went there even if it wasn't my bag. The mocha cupcake is transcendent, in particular the gobs of mocha icing atop the dense chocolate cake. I also ate an incredible ham, gruyere and mustard crepe here that was about the thickness of 3 crepes from the creperie near Thayer Street, but about 2xs as costly. They must have put  1/2 a pound of thin sliced ham inside. It was worth every penny of the $10 I spent on it and I was able to stretch it out over two meals. Yum.TEA: I have sampled many of the teas here, and so far my favorites are the apricot and the chocolate chai. A pot will run you about $3, which seems absolutely reasonable.AMBIANCE: I feel put off by some of the stylistic choices here. The dcor is like being trapped in an anthropologie catalog where the only color on offer is white. The famous Degas, Vermeer and Monet paintings with ducks and bunnies artfully painted in are a bit too precious for my blood. Accustomed to all the indie rock standards they perpetually blast at the snugs, I was totally caught off-guard recently when my waitress told me that Friday night is Floyd Friday, a choice that seemed more appropriate for a dive bar with sticky tabletops than this pristine, cutesy spot. That said, it is a great work zone to go to on a weekday mid-morning to get a boatload of writing done without running into a single soul you know.|3|0|2
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|6_0eSRqMoNfVaNUpzUSrNg|5|Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. The food is authentic and delicious. If you've never had Ethiopian, I highly recommend you try it here.  Better than my experience in D.C. Very cozy atmosphere. Dark deep robust coffee roasted and brewed on site, served in french presses, how cool is that?  The owners are extremely friendly, warm-hearted, generous people!I brought a bunch of my friends here for their first ethiopian food experience and the owners were so nice! they explained everything :).eat and enjoy the best ethiopian around!|1|0|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|b6FxCrYBC1KPJ6Ih_69AWQ|5|Spent a wonderful dinner here. Sat outside but still had plenty of attention from the waitress (who was helpful and pleasant). Started out with the New England clam chowder - AMAZING. Some of the best chowder I've had outside of Boston. Perfect for a not-too-cool autumn evening. Moved on to the filet mignon with crab on top. The crab was a bit dry, but edible. The filet was cooked very nicely and I enjoyed it, but I prefer just a pinch more flavor. Drinks were refilled and I wasn't hurried. Overall, very satisfied and would recommend.UPDATE: I've been here twice more and been much more satisfied with my food. Excellent place to have dinner.|2|0|1
PUcbOM5EdCijAhFN9GAtBw|QbcI5G8Qj2X5jV-ncrHnww|3|I like this place.  I don't think it would ever be my top choice, but they have a ton of variety and you get a lot of pizza for your money (I am all about value).So far, I've ordered from here twice.  I bought a couple Groupons for $30, which meant that BF and I each got our own pizza (score!).  I opted for the Mediterranean, and he got the Momma's Meatball.The pizza was gigantic and loaded with toppings.  I think bf was a little sick after eating his (greed, not food poisoning), but I managed to pace myself and felt fine. He did say that there was a LOT of meat on the pizza--perhaps too much.  One thing I did notice, the crust is a bit chewy and my jaw started to hurt after a while.  We had two days worth of leftovers, and I actually opted to freeze mine and enjoyed it a few weeks later.Second time around, BF got Pasta Bolognese and I got the Quatro Mushroom.  No complaints from me.  The pizza was perfect, lots of mushrooms, roasted garlic and gorgonzola for that extra kick.  BF said his pasta was good, but perhaps not worth $12.I haven't tried to do any specialty ordering because a lot of other reviewers said that Pizza Gourmet can't handle that, but there are a few specialty pizzas that if I could just get them without meat, I'd be super into (mashed potatoes--yes please), but I live in fear and haven't made the attempt.Overall, solid pizza at a good price.  The space is quite tiny, so I would stick with takeout, but I'll certainly go back.|0|0|0
nYFw5b30Td79jjm3cjABVw|iCppbv3C7XvCyzIZnNQ7fg|2|Way over priced!  I had the most expensive cheese sandwitch there that I have ever had and it harly had any cheese! The smell of the dumplings really put me off too.  The oil smells dirty!|0|0|1
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|5mcQhUGDfo71Dlh8sDZP9w|4|At Coffee Exchange you can exchange your dollars for coffee, but not the other way around. Shouldn't they just call it "We sell you coffee?" Or would that not be a catchy enough name?Coffee Exchange is pretty much the original coffeehouse in Providence. Sure, there are a few other good coffee places in the Capital city (like Zog next door, White Electric, Three Sisters, etc) but this seems to be the grandaddy of them all. It's history and location may help explain the popularity of the place. That, and the fact that its one of the few Providence locations that has outdoor seating.The place seems to be always packed, from about two minutes after they open until one minute before they close. The line to get your coffee is always long and feels like an experiment in controlled chaos. The coffee itself is good. Fancy coffee drinks are available everywhere now, so while some may see it as blasphemy I do have to say that the drinks here aren't all that much better than you get anywhere else. You can also buy beans here, and these are higher quality than what you might normally get.But mostly people come to Coffee Exchange for the old-style coffeehouse experience. The noise, the energy, and the chaos that is the exact opposite of the sterile, corporate, Norah-Jones-CD hawking chains like Starbucks.|0|0|0
Wd9p_AlZTnN6pBHmT9YemQ|MoO9lGbvFQesBRnB-HI6EA|4|My wife and I tried out Jacky's for date night and were very happy with the experience.  We had sushi, pineapple fried rice, beef skewers and lettuce wraps. Everything was delicious and presented well.Our waiter was funny, prompt and attentive. He was courteous and respectful even after our 2nd scorpion bowl... =]We liked the place so much that we brought our friends there a few weeks later. We had more sushi and tried some new dishes. Once again, the food was awesome and the new waiter we had was a joy.|0|0|0
wfS1G5lrjx_SGWBuG2690g|e6CklzQiZfjUmSvx9IViYg|3|I'm not exactly a fan of French food.  Perhaps I just haven't found a dish that suits my fancy.  Often, I leave French restaurants feeling disappointed.  This was happily not the case with Pot Au Feu.  I ordered a mixed green salad, which was rather uninspired...simply a plate of lettuce.  For my entree I chose the bouilabasse which was spot on.  I love seafood soups and this was no exception.  My dish was absolutely loaded with fresh seafood of many varieties and all of it was cooked perfectly.  The dish was easily worth much more than I paid for it.Service was great, and the atmosphere was very cute.  Good option for lunch.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|CiPuoYrG3ABdPbLMGjBIjw|5|This place is my Gyro Hero.I will seriously power down every single bite of these delicious gyros with extra tzatziki, onions and tomatoes. OMG...I need to leave work now and go get one!|1|0|1
mdqwn32B4RVJI8_MQLXXHg|Ws3EJfgxdnxKYgg5YILv_A|5|Dear froyo world...I love you. You would be perfect if you had a location with better parking and if you were not so crowded all of the time. Your flavor and topping selections are the best out of all the self serve froyo places I have tried. Mmmm watermelon sorbet and lychee tart froyo. So good!|0|0|0
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|qVEmas6gFaOoRLAhLIyJmw|5|There's something comforting about eating a tasty plate of BBQ and United BBQ in Providence definitely gave me the warm and fuzzies. Growing up in Texas, I was straight up spoiled with delicious BBQ every weekend for the game. When I moved to Rhode Island, I thought that my days enjoying a juicy, tender beef brisket would be over. I was mistaken. Don't let the small size of their facility fool you, United BBQ is producing the BEST BBQ I've had so far in the Rhode Island area. My go-to order is always the plate of Beef Brisket with a double serving of Collard Greens. I would also suggest their potato salad, coleslaw, baked beans and house-made chips. I tend to get double the collard greens because frankly, I'm a southern girl at heart and their greens are made so perfectly. My boyfriend nearly fainted when he first tried their fall off the bone ribs and the pulled pork is something work trying as well. Look on the counter for daily specials as well. We ordered their chili burger once and it was one of the best burgers we've ever had. I've honestly never had any of their desserts, because I've always been way too full but I'm sure their decent. There isn't much space there to eat so I'd suggest ordering take out. Don't forget to being some of their BBQ sauce home with you, it's like heavenly. One thing I found interesting, United BBQ has a pretty impressive vegan menu as well. Talk about accommodating. :)|0|0|2
QAxQdJ5m-wrvLUUGb0-ulw|mCmvPvj1_V8niKDLmElmqA|4|I went there with a friend on Thursday night for a show.  The deck is great, food was very good & service great.  The bar is real nice too, would return.|0|0|0
W-RJfufcf-GtIPrdyrJ6pQ|uiGdtsCaIFPRSc23qbHzqQ|5|Words cannot do justice to this amazing gelato. I savored every bite of it.|0|0|1
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|Yhotyln7QiqpPOfNij2LEw|5|I love this place. It's a small "hole in the" side alley place, with a few tables.I like the dinner crepes over the sweet crepes. When there's not a line, the service is pretty quick.I've been eating here for years.  If I had to count, maybe 10.. Highly recommended!!|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|8vmNrj-MS-pz37Ua_aqmkw|5|I never go to Al Forno, the no reservations thing kills me, can't stand waiting in line.  This past weekend, with the rainy weather and all, figured to be safe enough to give it a go. It wasn't too terribly bad, 45 minutes in an overcrowded bar. It does drive me crazy that places like this serve dinner at the bar when they are swamped.  It compounds the problem, now the bar seats don't turn over either. What's worse, is that the bar scene here is dreadful; I want to talk about dieting with middle aged white women and dudes in boat shoes about as much as putting a hole in my head!Once we were seated however, my dinner was outstanding.  I had simply the best pasta dish in my whole life, Short Rib Ravioli with Mushrooms and Peas.  The ravioli were hand formed dumplings, filled with braised short rib. Served in a pan sauce with softly sautd mushrooms (could have been Oyster or Shiitake, not really sure which), and fresh, lightly cooked, al dente peas. The woodsy, hearty flavors came through with a delicate touch, the opposite of a stew or gravy. Really indescribable, I'd wait another hour for food this good. And those weren't the only highlights. I started with the Spicy version of the world famous Wood Grilled Pizza.  Quite good, but a step less than fantastic. I think mine may have been a bit rushed, the bottom had hints of char, but not yet a crispy crust.I had seen a Caesar salad go by just as we started on the pizza, and it looked so perfect that I had to call our server over and order one.  The quartered Romaine was stuffed, rather than dressed, with a super sharp and salty Pecorino Romano and garlic spread with warm toast cubes on top, still soft inside.  Great, just great.Our waitress was perfect as well, cheerful and attentive, never in the way. I couldn't have asked for any better, and the place was packed.  Really well done.I do have a complaint about the winelist, if your going to have a reprint of a famous wine label on the front of the list, it really should be a wine that's on the pages inside. Really had my heart set on a de Castellane when I saw it, turned out not to be.|3|1|0
I8dgF5_UENHKJwb0k8J49Q|F7IRykjMFSBbM2V0odAwxQ|3|Can't say I see what all the hype is about. The only thing that makes this place better than Chipotle is that it's open later. The price did seem fair for a shrimp buritto, but the rice was hard. The service was fine, but not great.|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|2EAB3NufHCCu4-nB4xseYQ|3|I went because of a Yelp Deal.... Quick service.... I got a sampler plate; it was tasty and the portions left me full. I would probably go there again.|0|0|0
nWu8OljDYmLfbLQqcfW9Sw|v-Dk-yi2bmP-xCS_5lIiHw|5|Glad you have a restaurant back in Providence. Missed your cooking after you closed on Benefit Street. Great location. Hours are Mon-Sat 11:30am to 10:35pm closed on Sunday.|0|0|0
9H1o-FdVnFrwKDDqTB5oBA|b9dEIDhMtH7wVkS71vsM0Q|4|I've been waiting for a good burger place to come to the East Side for years. While it isn't the best burger I've ever had, it's definitely a welcome addition to the different restaurants on Ives St.I've gone twice now. The first time I got a Tex Mex burger and the second time I had the Cowboy Chicken Burger. Both were very good; I got the Tex Mex Burger Medium Well and it was cooked perfectly, though I sort of wish the meat had a little bit more flavor. The chicken burger though -- the first time I've ever had one -- was delicious. All of the toppings were great, the service was good (I forgot to order a small side order of coleslaw and when I went to buy it the guy told me it was on the house!), and the fries are delicious. All in all, a great experience.The place itself is nice. They usually only have 1 or 2 people working; I assume that if it gets crowded the place might get a little slow, since their fries are cooked after you order them.I recommend you check it out. They have an ample selection of hamburgers and sandwiches, I've heard their fish and chips are delicious, and it isn't too expensive-- a hamburger with fries was $8 (and they serve a LOT of fries) and my chicken burger, no fries, was around $6.|0|0|0
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|Qx62d61PLWHkwDdTcj3RJg|4|Street noodles have made me a fan. I really don't say this often (heck, don't say this at all) but this dish really came close to how my mother makes her noodles at home, in Khmer we call it "Mee Gathang" (sp), which is pretty much thick sheets of noodles sauteed w/ various vegetables and meats in a thick (almost) gravy-like sauce. And if that's not enough the dish also comes with a really nice, light tasting dipping sauce you can drizzle over your noodles for added flavor. Can't go wrong here if you're big on Asian noodles.   With my order I had a jackfruit bubble tea. Much better than the last time I had bubble tea. I do really wish they would incorporate more real fruit, I would SO order bubble tea every time I eat here if that was the case. As for the service this night, it was right on point. The waitress (didn't get her name) but I'm almost positive she's authentically Cambodian (I have an eye for these things) and is a regular there. Granted the place wasn't packed at the time, which is a good thing because the first time we went here it was a full house- and a full house in a small room almost feels too close for comfort. Which brings me to a thought, I'm starting to notice a trend with good food and smaller restaurants... Any case, will be returning to try out the Tom Yum Soup~My fav.|0|1|0
1-WF9A4i-0fI8XxCFbqrTA|gE-5s1PtmW5EDXoe3ClLBw|4|Rick's! Where is the mechanical bull? It's been too long...Try the egg rolls (since it's an Elkhay restaurant, you'll notice they're the same that Citron had). If you're in the mood to watch a game, play some pool or just meet with friends, this is a good choice.I didn't expect any haute cuisine here and I wasn't let down. It's typical bar food which is fine with me. If I wanted to sit down and dine with a quiet atmosphere, Rick's wouldn't come to mind. But luckily, that's not always what I want!|0|0|0
HPDZZjKAi4vmtLEvYmk2Hw|ONM_0pEx_M3covVFKe5F3w|3|Nothing notable. pastries are good, omelets are so-so and house coffee is subpar. The environment is preferred to that of Coffee exchange because of its quiet ambiance. There is a delightful patio area out the rear door. The service has always been wonderful when I have eaten there. Would I go back- yes, but its not my first choice for breakfast on Wickenden St|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|MhulcOVGHzK0SOHG13ln8Q|4|A bit expensive, but this place is very nice.  The atmosphere is classy and the service is great.  The fish dinner special I had was also really tasty - it was in a mild coconut sauce that I loved.|0|0|0
Dn-6ZmMqHW_ATU1I-nrNjw|4Bgk31-xnVIzGc991lMrAg|5|I have been dining with clients here for the last several years on a regular basis. I have probably eaten here (lunch and dinner) over 30 times. I have tried many of the menu items as have my guests. Let me say that from the time you step out of your car and then get back in it to go home the service is a 10+. The ambiance and food taste and quality is as good as it gets. I have eaten in some of the best Italian restaurants in the north end, new York, and other parts of the country and sal and staff are right there on point with the best of them. Their wine list is awesome with  excellent selections at most price points. They also will pretty much make you what ever you want just ask.|0|0|0
-93uBoiVyQ2ZPABERT621w|CZt7vQOdhR9AmgJKLSeqFg|3|This is a nice addition to downtown. they hay a large selection of beers on tap and plenty of premium scotch and burbon. But I have not been returning every week for the drinks, the lunch menu has hit a sweet spot. Good food at a good price downtown! There are a selection of custom made sandwiches and burgers, that are all large and delicious. They have a hand cut corn beef ruben that really hits the spot. Lean corn beef that's so tender and piled high with a large side of fries or homemade chips. Everyday at lunch the place is packed, and the service is quick, making this a great place to have a sit down lunch in a reasonable time.|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|KPRr8Sn3yeej3hxmOwoZbQ|3|Came in here again... atmosphere is very comfortable - good music, funky artwork...food still super tasty!  But, I'm sorry to say, the service was seriously lacking this time around.  I felt like it took forever to get another round of drinks...when I ordered the dessert I wanted, I was told that was no longer on the menu (but I ordered from the menu?)...& then even though we wanted to hang out for a bit longer & drink, our server came by with the check.|0|0|1
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|wuJredLd-1EqyyEYbuVJ8g|5|This is the best restaurant on Thayer Street.  Everything on the menu is delicious and fresh.  I have never had a bad experience and I go all the time.  Staff is friendly and service is fast.|1|0|0
A6dVeZf0ZKgOqKxB7y0F0w|DaKsvjxQ7Bo1evH0CT_REw|4|We are vegetarian and both had the veggie burger with onion rings and fries.  We were both in the mood for this type of food (which is rare) and we were pleasantly surprised.  The veggieburger must be their own recipe because it is thick and very flavorful - not like any that I have had before.The atmosphere is excellent.|4|0|3
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|QXpnzZROCTh01fRyLIW3SQ|5|The guys that run this place are great! That's just a plus coz i'd come here even if it was ran by sadistic trolls.  Everything on their menu is excellent.  My boyfriend is from RI and this is his favorite place on thayer street. Probably the only place he goes to on Thayer Street.  Just thinking about the falafel and lamb combo is making my mouth water.  They arrange it just right with the right amount of everything. cous cous, tzatziki, hummus and then they grill it just a bit to make all the flavors mesh a little more.   Perfection!|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|-iLH3Q2Wg4AMrNUXcgvliA|4|Dearest Coffee Exchange,You've changed some in the four years since our parting. I don't begrudge you the slightly altered menu and current lack of vegan baked goods though. You've still got great staff, excellent coffee (if you want to see them roasting the beans feign a trip to the restroom so you can gawk), and tons of room for sitting and people watching.The smoothies are also an awesome addition to the menu. Fruit pulp + ice with the option of tossing in a banana or yogurt? So simple, so perfect. And at $4.50 a pop, well worth the brain freeze. What I like most, and what still hasn't changed about the excellent Coffee Exchange after all these years are the great opportunities for people watching...and the fact that the place is a "takes all kinds" type of joint. Providence is one of those places where people live and let live - no one gets as caught up in aesthetics or "scenes" as Boston sometimes does...and I miss that.  Le sigh. Excuse me while I wax nostalgic...|0|0|0
ILLYK1PwY2F5c__Dhycopw|-z2L3_8QgJv2qE1e5Y7N4g|3|This is a place that sits in a trendy location in Providence and has gotten mixed reviews but on recommendations from locals I went there with my wife. The atmosphere is loud and the place is quite large, with racks of wine in glass cases and meat visible in other cases. Th staff on the door is disorganized and snobby thinking they are in New York City forgetting they are in downtown Providence. The menu has many selections and is kind of old fashioned in some cases where its a meat and potato place with many steak selections and then sides etc. The options arent creative and I almost feel like I know I'll be paying for the decor and the trying to be fancy surroundings. When my steak comes, it is so well done, I would need a chain saw to cut through it. I sent it back and asked for rare and it still came out well done. My wifes was the same. Very surprising since this is a steak restaurant. I was turned off by that point and couldn't enjoy the meal . What I enjoyed less was getting the bill which showed me the place was really not worth it. I havent tried the Capital Grille in Boston yet, but having gone to this location is enough to make me want to pass.|1|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|lkFGuFSJlownxnkkdEuI2Q|1|Ahh, Harry's Bar and Burger, where to start? With the slow service? The uncomfortable atmosphere? The smelly waitress? No. All of these seem pointless when facing the fact that the place doesn't serve burgers. You heard me! HARRY'S BAR AND BURGER DOES NOT SERVE BURGERS. Sliders, yes. Burgers, no. These are not the same. A fact that some folks have overlooked, I suppose. One night, craving a juicy burger, the hubby and I ventured out away from our regular haunt (not sure why, in hindsight). Thinking we could get what we sought, we drove straight there, found parking, and entered the bar. We were handed menus and I looked at that thing for what must have been 20 minutes. But I couldn't for the life of me find one, single burger. Facing near starvation, we ordered. They came, those tiny morsels of overcooked meat with miniature toppings. I at once felt like Alice. I looked around for the shrinking potion, but I couldn't even get the bartender's attention to order another drink (or a fork for my chili fries, for that matter), let alone some concoction that would render me the size that would magically change this bite into a meal. Digging his fingers into the basket of chili fries, he turned to me and scowled, "this place makes me feel like an animal."What's more, the 19 year old at the bar next to me, drumming along to every song on the radio and talking at a decibel for all to hear, wouldn't stop ranting about how he likes being a civilian much more than a soldier. Don't care, Skippy. Now go finger blast your girlfriend at Prospect Park. I'll be at the Ivy Tavern having a real burger.|0|0|0
QadrDmx4k6Tl7QDz4fAWdg|tTilu3fgu4b0CUBI2F_EXg|5|This place is neat! I just came in after a haircut across the way from supercuts... Big spender i know. Haha anyway cool place to hang out and the people there nice. They even that a counter where you can hang out at which is always an awesome thing to have at a cafe. I would love to come back here again. Nice ambiance and good coffee! So come and try this place!|0|0|0
ZCNv3o4kekN2PPUTlP294w|m0fRK4Z7FbsfifT56bpvSQ|4|Dive bar with a catacombs back drop? How can you lose? Great beer on tap; best Dark and Stormys you'll ever find. Cheap pool, free darts. Lots of conversation and tons of diversity in the crowd. Staff is always on top of things. Decent prices, and plenty of parking. Their food is on spot as well, serving well into the night. And...Cake is always playing.|0|0|0
I8dgF5_UENHKJwb0k8J49Q|cKE2WXfP3gJirhx2MPRCkA|4|Sometimes bizarre combos turn an otherwise ordinary experience into something magical.This is not exactly the case with Baja's. But it's close.With every burrito, you get a free small dish of soft serve ice cream.  Why?  I have no clue, but I like it!  Is it impractical to get ice cream at the same time as your meal?  Will this ice cream melt before you've finished said meal?  Does this mean you'll have to eat the ice cream BEFORE the burrito?  Yes.  But I like it!And the burritos aren't too shabby, either.  They offer whole wheat tortillas and--get this--grilled shrimp.  For close to the same price as beef or chicken.  The shrimp aren't those puny little things either, they're decent-sized buggers and Baja's doesn't skimp on 'em.  Take that Chipotle!Toppings are fresh and bountiful and the guac is included in the price of the burrito.  Baja's has nachos, quesadillas, and sandwiches too (I don't understand the combo of steak 'n cheese with burritos, but who am i?) though I haven't tried those.  Prepare to stand in a very tight little space that 's toasty hot from the grills going--not the best place to sit down and stay awhile, but if you're looking for something on the go, something tasty and inexpensive, and something with a side of ice cream, well then, Baja's is your place.|4|4|3
nWu8OljDYmLfbLQqcfW9Sw|ylzB8K0gWgFotyRtlDv_7A|5|i woooooffff this place!i have been here twice so far and both times have been great. First time: impress by the decor and it was lunch time but they were dead quiet. So grab a seat and looked at the menu.. Lots of varieties to order, and their beverage menu is awesome too! Ordered a regular bibimbap which was great! good portion, great flavor. The boyfriend had a spicy seafood udon noodle thing that came in a big shallow pot, looked so appealing! and tasted great too.We both tried their Yu Mul Cha ***** highly recommended. Hot sweet, slightly creamy peanuty tea.. so delish!Second time: came around 3pm, also dead quiet. Grab the same exact seat with the same exact server. She didnt recognize us but gave the same good service anyway. This time we opted for Honeydew milk tea and honey yuzu ice tea.. In the summer, they were the perfect drinks!I noticed they added a bar in the front of the shop now, it looks like one of those from a Korean drama movies :) :)Had the spicy squid tofu soup and also the Rabeukgi (spelling) which is a sticky rice cake and ramen cooked in this sweet and spicy sauce ****MUST TRY!again, great foood.. got my tummy filled with joy!Bill came up decent and we left happy. Will definitely be returning!One note though: with a place like that I would never guess that they have that kind of bathroom. Threw me off a little bit with the left door open, it looks like a dark staircase with a random christmas tree. but no biggie! :D|0|0|1
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|1Py6BfB3PDlYoze3Xx187A|5|I'm addicted to Nam Yaa. It is THE BEST noodle soup I've ever had. No joke.My favorite is tofu veggie with rice nooddles. Try it. You wont be disappointed.|0|1|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|aFTniIDsw7_EMDXCpMhojA|5|I cannot live without this restaurant. It has been my staple for many years and i recommend that any person who likes food go here. The food is insane, the staff are very friendly and the prices are very reasonable considering its $7.50 for a meal that can satisfy even the hungriest of teenage boys. I would give this place 100 stars if I could.|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|eQKy9Tn7yd_cEFaTtC0bSQ|3|The service definitely needs to be stepped up. My friend and I got sitted quickly, but it took 20 minutes for the waiter to come over to our table to get our orders. This seemed to take too long considering that the place is super tiny. I tried scallion tangerine salad for the weekend brunch... which was a bit of a mistake. The salad dressing was really oily, and it literally drenched down the freshness of the vegetables. I felt like I could've just stayed at home and probably made a better, healthier salad. I feel like some of the menus are overpriced also. The portion isn't really that big.. I came to D&B twice before to get cupcakes and eggs benedict- and I agree with many yelpers that this place is definitely a better place to get JUST the cupcakes.. I feel like my disappointment just added up. If I need to come back, I'm probably gonna get a cupcake.|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|mOsSQfIpzDNEVuhI5Vo3CQ|4|I stopped by there one time and their special that night was "thanksgiving pizza". It had turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and mashed potatoes, and was hands down the best piece of pizza I've ever had. I've been back a few times since and the pizza is great as long as you like think crust. There is a decent variety of slices and some tend to be creative which is good. They also have salads and sandwiches, however I have yet to try them. Fellini's is definitely  a solid alternative to the usual places like Antonio's or Nice Slice on Thayer.|0|1|1
IL96KSxK3ov1m-1WQV8MLQ|jbqc7ASvjSbQ6MSDSduxBA|3|Expensive! but when i want a fresh, hand carved sandwich for $7 this is where i go!|0|0|0
RD-icRypSMg6nA4Xy8dCUw|1zPwdiXaYsxfHn_SyPGPFg|4|Great, cheap eats here! I always tell eveyone to go, its worth it!I know this is the shortest review, but it pretty much sums it up for yah. I can't wait for the weather to get cooler out, so I can start coming here more. I LOVE IT!!!! Also, It's BYOB. There's a liquor store about a block or two away if you want to pick something up.|2|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|46Fj-TdPlZuTvhTnNEjA0Q|4|Great food, ambiance and drinks. The menu changes often but you can always count on the mac n' cheese and humus plate. Red fez offers a little bit for everyone with a limited menu - its impressive!|1|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|ncu-E0zT7hsrHFT10p3_Ag|5|BEST Falafel wrap I've ever had in my life. I frequent here about a few times a month and, honestly, I've yet to change my order because of how ridiculously good it is. I get the falafel wrap with EVERYTHING and a piece of baklava. It is out of this world ridiculous. The wrap is pretty filling I will say, but you could always share it with a friend or save it for yourself the next day if you can manage to stop yourself from eating it, which I can't yet. It completely takes over my life. The baklava is the perfect ending to it-nice and sweet and it tastes light. I just can't get enough. I just wish I lived closer...|0|0|0
pZnk9tKEHrEIHq0NfSzXRA|wEehlsJgmMBWrJCfKXUgTA|5|I've been meaning to try Flan y Ajo for a while, and finally made it there tonight. It lived up to the great reviews. I can't believe it took Providence this long to get a real tapas bar. Being there definitely took me back to my days living in Barcelona. My wife and I got a Spanish red at Eno next door (one of the best places to get alcohol around) and we found space at the side bar (she had a stool, I stood). We were there on the early side and the place was full by 7:30. The service was definitely efficient. The first 4 things we ordered came out quickly, then we took our time and ordered a few more tapas as we felt like it. Everything was delicious. We had tortilla espaola, gambas (shrimp), the meat plate, pan con tomate... The flavors were great and I would have had more but we had to get back home to the little kids. I recommend this place for anyone who likes food ;-) and who doesn't need the comfort of a 5-star sit down restaurant. I didn't mind standing, especially since a meal there is not as long as a typical dinner. Oh, the $27 bill was pretty agreeable too.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|BoRDC7m0JP1pm1OapkDG7A|3|Came here after reading the glowing reviews on yelp and it was pretty tasty.  I wouldn't say it's the best place in providence, but I enjoyed it.  Would I go out of my way to come back? No.  If I were on Thayer Street would I come back? Mayyyybe.  If I were in the mood for a kebab and if I had already tried most of the places on the street.  It was good for what it was, but definitely not that memorable.|0|0|1
aGI4Y4bFjYOthrc3sVBa8g|cKE2WXfP3gJirhx2MPRCkA|2|We went in for soft serve.  Saw a huge sign inside that said "24 flavors of soft serve."  We figured we'd get soft serve.  We were wrong.We were told soft serve would not be available for two more weeks.  Fine, but take the sign down until that time.  Don't care for false advertising.Will re-review upon return.|1|0|0
BxmSFfCPQN_bg24l44a56Q|Ohr_XR1uiFE8UvpL6ID2Kw|5|This was one of the BEST restaurant experiences I've had in the three years I've lived in Providence.TIP: Order a variety of the small plates to share with your table! The appetizers are all amazing!!! The roasted Abalone Mushroom dish I had was sensational, and make sure you ask for extra bread to soak up all the sauce. Delicious!!!My roasted chicken dinner was excellent. There is a lot going on in all the dishes. My wife ordered the Fluke and said it was great. Our friends ordered the skirt steak and duck and loved them both. Like Woody Allen's brilliant movie, "Midnight in Paris," a trip to The Dorrance will take you back in time!Jean, the owner, was very nice and welcoming!We WILL go back! Just GREAT!!!!|1|0|1
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|4Q74qqFhvPoibROZHvtz6A|4|I have been to this place a couple of times now and I like it a lot.  The burgers I'm pretty sure are all sliders. They are very good, as well as the fries, love the sweet potato fries!  Good beer selection. Both times I have been here I ended up trying different beers that I have never had before, and I was pleasantly surprised.  It's also a plus that you can get food here late night!|0|0|0
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|b9dEIDhMtH7wVkS71vsM0Q|5|What can I say that hasn't already been said? It's probably the best food truck on College Hill (Mijos is a close second). The rice sets are always great -- get the bulgogi, which is still, in my opinion, their best -- and relatively cheap ($7 for an awesome, filling meal). The service really isn't that slow, and if you are in a rush you can ask the guys what will take the least amount of time and they'll be happy to tell you.The specials are hit or miss, though they're usually hits and they provide a nice change of pace from the rice sets. I haven't tried the soy garlic fried chicken yet, but I've heard great things. It started off as a once in a while thing but they've had it the last times I've gone, so maybe it's a part of their permanent menu now?It's the best food (in terms of value/taste) in the Thayer St. area, and probably one of the best on the East Side. Also remarkably consistent -- I can only think of one or two times when I haven't been completely pleased with my meal, and, again, I go a lot.|0|0|0
9W-k-SJpyEZF1hmiK8MA5Q|V-nPYJdHpbthyPT0gJFTrA|5|WHAT!? I cannot believe the Blue Elephant is closed. This place was AMAZING! Delicious challah french toast with fruit and nutella, delicious omelets named after artists... delicious side patio with so many warm-weather hangover-nursing memories attached. This is TERRIBLE!|0|0|0
ul09J6JglI0j-iRyYkO51g|a34HvdlrG5GZ1wjRuzRvlQ|3|I prefer going here over the Wick for a few reasons.  But mostly because of the bartenders.  My only complaint would be that I was once there when the owner was drinking at the bar and he gave my buddy and I several dirty looks and disapproving comments for ordering Gansetts.  You have a bar in a college neighborhood, friend, you're gonna get early 20's types ordering Ganny's.  Other than the fact that the owner is trying to hard to make it LAMEASS like z-bar, this place is actually a great place to hangout.  Especially now that they have the patio out back.|0|0|0
1M5pHJqGLL_-t74M37uQ0Q|pVPcu1-W8SLXJKcu5kF6tA|4|Please attend to what they say they are:  a rotisserie.  beautiful job on the rotisserie duck, filet mignon.  Pasta is ok, but there are better places in town for that, but then why go to a ROTISSERIE if you want pasta?|1|0|0
24CV8Si8DulpStT7s71Agw|VqSFTE5f-mDzoLeXS-16xw|4|I was able to spend 2 hours at this cafe today,  only 2 hours unfortunately because that is what parking allotted for me.  I ordered a breakfast sandwich that was served on yummy thick bread with the eggs just gooey enough to sop up with the bread without becoming too messy and a cup of tea (not loose leaf, but still fancier than the run of the mill grocery store options)I enjoyed one of the tables along the long bench on the wall near the cozy fireplace.  I really like the light that this place has, the temperature (even on an extremely cold day) and the calm vibe of the place.The downsides (the tea came in a small mug and the parking situation).  Outside of that I'll be back and ready to try one of the exciting sandwich options or a desert.|0|0|1
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|aZ_4x5GERKRqqpIyfutyQw|4|Can't say much more about breakfast at Loui's that hasn't been said already. Huge portions, love the granola pancakes and the "drunk Johnny". Try having a mimosa for an extra delish breakfast. We've never been there for lunch . . .|0|0|0
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|HayM8BOYcuudJ-W6iQ0SkQ|2|This place is really hit or miss. Recently, it's been mostly a miss. If you go on a weekend night, the bar area is packed and tables are taken. This past time I went with my friends, the service was awful. We found a table and waited a good amount of time before getting our drinks at the bar. Thirty minutes passed when our server finally came over to the table. She was visibly annoyed that we didn't order with her. OK, I understand you don't get a tip if we order at the bar, but maybe try to come over sooner? Second, for the rest of the night, she was an awfully miserable person. One of my friends had just received his permanent residency so we wanted to celebrate big. We still had a fun night but no thanks to the English Cellar. Ok, the bartenders are normally fantastic and the beer list is extensive, I just think I've had too many bad service experiences to make it a worthwhile bar.|0|0|0
QAxQdJ5m-wrvLUUGb0-ulw|j-yXAQo-kIikdg5rmwtkeA|3|A three star rating because it has 1-star service but a 5-star location, and you can bring your dogs!I love looking out over the water on the outdoor patio, and the servers will bring you a bowl of water for your furry friends.  However, the service (both bartenders and servers) are slooooooooooow.  The most recent time I was there it took 45 minutes to get our drinks.  Their cocktail list is pretty poor, and they don't do higher-end cocktails like mojitos.  I suppose it makes sense since they want you to focus on the whiskey - but if you don't like whiskey or beer don't expect to get your favorite drink here.One nice thing is that the crowd is varied, age-wise.  Families and 20-somethings interspersed among the tables, which is a welcome change from the Fish Co.  You can always wander down to the Hot Club if you want to get your hooch on!|0|0|0
x05vLVOH2OQr-8ATmfItRg|51D5EoGld3PSFz-OBV3_VA|2|I'm so sad that I had such a bad dining experience here. I should probably give a one star based on how crappy the entire experience turned out, but because the drinks and dinner tasted great I gave it a two star. I make 9pm dinner reservations for a party of four, and got a call back confirming. I show up a little before nine, and the nice hostess tells us it will just be a few minutes. Ok, no big deal. Twenty past nine comes and we are still standing waiting for our table. So we decide to grab a drink at the bar. Literally 3 minutes after we sit at the bar, the hostess gets us for our table. So we pay our bar tab and follow her, she takes us to an already occupied table, and tells us to wait for her to return. So now we are standing in the middle of the dining room. Awesome, Its almost 9:30, and I feel like an asshole standing watching people eat. Whats the point of making a reservation if it takes 30 mins to get a table? Once we finally get seated, we start looking over the wine and dinner options. Their wine list is pretty large, as is their food menu. They have a ton of options. I decided on the seafood alfredo with scallops and shrimp. I'm a huge pasta guy. I think it's just a part of being Italian. My friends ordered the Angus Beef Carpaccio, Warm Brie with Roasted Garlic, and the Grilled Seafood Trio.A while goes by and I cant wait for my food. I was starving! I spot a busboy carrying four plates and walking towards our table, as he goes to place my meal on the table, he drops and catches it. All while I watch my shrimp jump out and onto to the floor. That was kinda my final straw. Twenty bucks for a seafood dish, and half of it was on the floor. I made some comment about how this its been a crappy experience. Next thing I know I have the manager and my waitress hovering over me asking me why my experience wasn't good. I really just wanted a good night out with my friends. I told them it was fine and its really nothing to worry about. I just wanted to eat and leave at that point. Maybe I'll try this place again, maybe not. Happy New Year!|1|1|0
wfS1G5lrjx_SGWBuG2690g|fCzpX3cJ1w8lFX7Cahr9QQ|4|There are two parts to this place. There is an upstairs restaurant, elegant and pricey. There is a downstairs bistro, less expensive and catering to a different crowd. They have different menus and different styles.I have not eaten in the bistro, as George did. I did however eat in the restaurant and has an amazing dinner.  I took by bf there for his birthday. We had exceptional - if not the best - service we've ever had.  Our waiter basically planned out our dinners for us based on our tastes, including our wines, and was very attentive though aware we were on a special occasion date. For French cuisine, the food is on par with Petit Robert, though the atmosphere a bit darker, quieter, and more romantic.|0|0|1
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|hsxx48aGP1UEusdIju55MQ|3|I have mixed feeling about the flats...1) The bbq chicken nachos are AMAZING. 2) After eating said nachos... what you really want is something light, like a salad. There isn't a healthy option on the menu, which is a bummer. Would visit more often if you didn't have to always eat junk.3) Margaritas could use some improvement. Have been a bunch before, will probably go again... but I think with a little thought it could be way better. Also, avoid Thursday nights... its a mob scene.|0|0|0
9jbiSU23TGDdBw0a94l3oA|yMIy1QRnzNpB9M4-2OAVLQ|5|This location has nice facilities if you are in the vicinity and need a place to work or study without any interruptions. They have a couple of booths which have a large enough table to fit your textbooks, your laptop with additional room for beverages and food. The food here is always fresh and tastes great. My favorite sandwich here is the salmon wasabi sandwich, paired with a broccoli cheddar soup. Cofffee flasks are refilled at regular intervals and I like that I can see when the coffee was brewed. Staff here are friendly and unobtrusive and you can always see them working hard on something or the other, pausing every now and then to greet people coming in/going out.There's a Starbucks from across the street, but I find it to be a bit crampy (especially with my books and laptop) and I prefer the spaciousness provided by Au Bon Pain. Also, the coffee is as good, if not better.|1|1|1
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|jswNAXahSVbb_NRDFjMgbg|5|Would come back.  A little stuffy, but well worth it for the quality of food.  Had the ribeye (on par with prime for best in town).  Mac and cheese has ham in it, although not written on the menu.  Good service.|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|x8Kxh4hpzrJ0Bez8GwGuRw|3|Wanted to like this place because it was cute and I like the local emphasis -- but nothing was particularly special.  My clam/chorizo fritters were bready and had little clam taste.  My son's clam chowder was ok.  Scallop entree was very plentiful, perfectly prepared, but not exciting.  The fries I swiped from his hangar steak plate were perfectly prepared but not that tasty.  And the chairs are poorly designed for dining.  Not worth the money - the kind of place that makes me think I am lucky to live in San Francisco.|0|0|0
YA1V1bpw0PPjAmztikduNA|Gy3FuIew1HG_KdkKDPBqlg|4|I hope the owners of Eastside Pockets and Mike's Calzones end up taking over Thayer Street with their delicious greek food. A friend and I decided to give Mike's a try knowing it was run by the same owners of Eastside Pockets. The only really downer here is that we left too full. The calzones are made to order and are ready in about 5 minutes. I ordered a buffalo chicken and my friend ordered a chicken parm, but they have like 30 choices and with a ton of different toppings to customize your piece of heaven. Our calzones were hot, crispy, and packed full of deliciousness. Did I mention the owners and workers here really know how to treat their customers? Make sure you throw a buck in their tip jar people. The only thing holding it back from the 5-star status is that this place is probably, given how inexpensive and it's location on Thayer, going to be crawling with those annoying high school kids from Hope High (which is an ironic name for them).|0|0|0
04ZBAOo6ffXkhSICqngaIQ|w0yV8aE6ROzWixLOpu1njg|5|Not understanding at all the venom that this place is getting from local Providence residents.  I absolutely love Tealuxe, and I've rarely been steered wrong.  Some good combinations I've found:  strawberry sencha or coconut souchong, iced.  Also, the almond rooibos with honey is perfect if you're in the mood for something soothing, sweet, but not heavy.  The hipster staff have never been rude to me, and they always play really good music, usually folk, acoustic rock, or alt-country.|1|0|1
2wu_RvBn3QYANniI6oD4pA|ICA5WWbGQgK2ucExNYacmw|2|"Meh.  I've experience better." pretty much describes it.  None of the food was actually bad but my 3 dining companions and I all agreed that we could get much better food at a similar price point at other restaurants in Providence.  The charcuterie was all fairly bland and as with all the food just not worth it.|1|1|1
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|D9lWN5KlgOaE1ubJWhVoBg|5|Great venue! I had dinner here and it was delicious. Phenomenal service.|0|0|0
nYFw5b30Td79jjm3cjABVw|c0clIO49NCg2-YbiOUCeYQ|5|deliciously delicious I got heir all the time.|0|1|0
G7zdZt33PU_Gfmt3qHD88w|GrgD4l6U8ril-XKK7u0QCQ|3|Service...alright.Food...alright.Overall ambiance...alright.  This place is just, as Yelp ranks a 3-star rating, A-OK.Few things to note: BYOB.  I was banking on getting Sapporo while I was here, and they didn't have their liquor license.  Second, if you are a large party, make a reservation.Third, stick with the sushi combination or dinners.  You get the best bang for your buck.Overall, okay, but nothing special.  I'm sure there are better sushi place in Providence.|0|0|0
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|Cz_qe1HSt_8SX_GLeQf1Qw|4|Great food truck! Im not aware of any other Korean BBQ places in Providence, so definitely a hidden treasure. The expression "hidden treasure" can also be taken both literally and figuratively given the fact that it's a food truck...I also love the fact that their sliders and wraps are $3 a piece which is great if you just want a snack, or if you want a meal you can get a couple different things. The service isn't the fastest, but everything is made to order so it's totally understandable.|0|0|0
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|EtwnrL7v2MydEDfCMc2JjA|4|I must confess that my friends and I were here so often one summer that we ceased calling it the "English cellar" and just started calling it "going out." My friends and I are beer rats, and The English Cellar boasts a number of (bottled) craft beers, which is fun, but if you're looking for a vast draft selection, this ain't the place. They did have Old Speckled Hen on draft for a while (and still might) which impressed me. I wouldn't bother with the food unless it's one of their beer dinners (pairing beer with courses) because it appears that most of their menu originates as chain-restaurant quality frozen pub fare. For those of us that remember when it was the "liquid lounge" with plywood beer pong tables, the decor is definitely an upgrade. It does feel like an old-world European pub, and there are cozy booths in which to sit if you're lucky enough to nab one. Let me conclude by saying that I give this place four stars in the summer, but only three in the winter months. While it appears that they inspect IDs critically at the door, the abundance of (underaged) college kids is rather off-putting.|1|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|XhyqIeWybCsXpzSImo59Xg|5|You can smell the wood fire ovens/grill as soon as you walk in.  Every dish is unique and fantastic.  Even though they don't take reservations, I still go here often.  I get here 10-15 minutes before they open and always get a table.  Love this place!|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|ldeTSmGQoQDJnt_yCDZ6Ng|4|I'm going on record with drink that I believe is new, totally awesome, and a great combination of caffeine and alcohol.I present for peer review....The Temple of HeavenIced green tea, vodka (your choice here) and a lime. A by request beverage from Tazza.Id love your feedback|0|0|3
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|_dC3wEoq02Op4lCyzYXSZg|5|Best falafel I've ever had outside of the Middle East. It is addictive and a must if you visit Providence.|0|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|sxk9LeKz2sko4LMtVVN-Bw|5|Brickway is definitely my favorite breakfast spot in Providence and my third favorite in Rhode Island, after Phil's and Blue Bird in South Kingstown. The wall art is truly spectacular and the vintage seating gives the place a cool vibe. The food is good and the manager  (who also owns Taste of India next door ) is extremely nice.|0|0|0
QNU9hn3bg_HF6v6UndA6wQ|6oa-O8pPzYAdBmWmgcTwew|5|After picking up my two friends from back home, I wanted to greet them to Providence the right way, with food.  They had settled into their hotel room and we immediately headed out.  I wanted to take them to one of my favorite local eateries.  Well, this time I wanted to take them somewhere I had never been, to experience a first time for everyone.  I'm glad to say that now Waterplace Restaurant is now considered one of my favorite local eateries.  It was quite early for dinner but I was eager to check it out, for during the Water Fire season it boasts the best seating for the main lighting.  I was very impressed by the valet at the door, even though we had been dropped off and we did not need his services, he still greeted us with a smile and the hospitality was present.  We ventured down the stairs to the main restaurant and as we turned the corner, the host/waitress greeted us.  Not only did she walk us to our table but for the first time in a long time I felt that she actually valued us as guests, rather than just people who want dinner.  Throughout the night I couldn't help but acknowledge her true hospitality and she was a real human being with laughter and personality, who made no error.  After the waitress brought us our waters and menus, we were a little overwhelmed.  Everything on the menu from appetizers to the noodle selections sounded so good, but it's impossible to try it all.  The waitress was able to help us make up our minds and we left with no regrets.  For the appetizer we ordered "Falafel and Tzatziki".  Not only was it presented beautifully, every falafel was warm and crisp and the tzatziki was the perfect touch.  For my entree I ordered the "Crispy Squid Po' Boy".  I am very picky when it comes to calamari, it cannot be too gummy and the breading must stay on.  I felt that calling this a sandwich is an understatement.  This nine dollar entree could have fed a family of four.  In addition for three dollars, the sweet potato fries were dynamite.  The sandwich had fried green tomatoes along shredded lettuce along with a large amount of calamari.  On top of that was a drizzle of a homemade lemon herb with spice dressing.  It was filling, hearty, and extremely satisfying.  My friends decided to order a couple items and share amongst themselves.  One ordered the BBQ Chopped Chicken Salad, which again was served to share, the other ordered Capelini Pasta with Classic Pink Vodka Sauce.  Now, this restaurant does not boast to be Italian, but many items do reflect the culture.  I found that after tasting that pasta, that Water Place could easily gain quick recognition for such a quality dish.  The basil was just the right touch to the top of the noodle mountain.  Water Place, in my opinion was able to capture the sole essence of dining.  The beautiful and perfect balance of quality service, quality food, and old fashioned hospitality.  As we departed, the general manager, Juan, introduced himself.  He asked us how our meal was, and again his question was sincere and genuine.  We responded with a sincere and genuine answer that we couldn't have asked for a better meal and overall experience.|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|KutvHNG__RFllBC2Z9FEwA|4|Coming from San Francisco it was nice to find a pizza place that had Vegan options since we so oddly lack them in SF.  I was in Rhode Island back in August and ventured over to this pizza spot.  I believe I got a Vegan slice of BBQ Chicken or something similar.  It was fairly cheap and the slice was actually a lot thinner than I am use to.  That was a little sad. I did happen to notice a pizza named after the hardcore outfit Earth Crisis.  I found that humorous and also enjoyed the staff.  Very friendly.  Would probably enjoy this place better with a whole pie or when I'm insanely drunk at 2am.|0|1|0
E39pbLivZFnQQrUR7nLOkg|XzRb0xGjru72gsE3tt5CoA|4|Good food, fast service.|0|0|0
BhjVNGhWBeWx-joM_xwS9w|46Fj-TdPlZuTvhTnNEjA0Q|3|Looks can be deceiving! This hole in the wall on a corner in downtown Provi totally shocked me.  I thought we were going in for just a little lunch but no, it was a GREAT lunch.  Salads, sandwiches, apps and entrees, they had it all and YUMMY pickles when you sit down.  This is a gem and my impression was way more than expected.|2|0|1
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|x5CMZDlNRZgwpliJy63SIw|3|Oh Lola.  How can you be a tequila bar and not print the types of tequila's you offer on your menu?  My friend and I stopped into Lola's this past Friday night as we had heard there was a new cantina in town.  The decor: pink.  Plenty of seating, inside and out.  Outside seating provides views of downcity (same views at Hot Club and Whiskey Republic offer as well.)The food: ok.  I ordered the Mission Style Carne Asada Burrito: cheese, beef, pico de gallo, lettuce, black beans all wrapped in a huge flour tortilla served with a side of sour cream and guacamole.  It was definitely tasty and for the price, the portion was huge.  I took half of it home. The drinks: different.  Lola's offers a margarita menu with drink names like "Badass" "Smooth" and "Flirty."  I ordered the "Sweet" margarita and it was just that, too sweet.  Along with my aforementioned gripe about the lack of tequila brands on the menu, I was disappointed. The service: good.  We were seated promptly upon arrival with a choice of inside or out, I chose inside but next to the open patio doors.  The waitress was friendly.  The parking: SUCKS!  As always, this area of Providence is not easy to park in, unless you want to dish out $10 to park in the one and only parking lot in the vicinity. Would I go back here again?  Maybe.  But not anytime soon.|1|0|0
ILLYK1PwY2F5c__Dhycopw|iw3z9PBOvzs4OUo4bkagHg|4|Took my wife here for our 14th anniversary. Been to other local steak houses. in Providence. This was our first time to Capitol Grille. I was defintely  impressed. The little touches is what made is special.The table was decorated with rose petals when we got to the table.Our waiter Matt W made sure we were well taken care of. The hot towels in between courses was really a nice touch.Appetizers-lobster cocktail..very good!For dinner my wife and both ordered the surf and turf which was an 8 oz filet and 1/2 pound of king crab legs. Both very delicious.We were suprised with a complimentary dessert of expresso cake and creme brulee again..very good.We will defintely be back, the price for great service, and food was defintely well worth it!|0|0|1
JUC2w_byPiyEbXrufEik-w|Y_Au_HWPLIbQBXX6vjQjMg|1|Hair in food.  They forgot our tea.  My crepes had neither mung beans nor pork, despite what it said on menu (menu "out of date").  Waiter insipid.  Oh and they forgot my bean sprouts.  It seems like put my bean sprouts in my friends food, which was hideously overflowing with them|0|0|0
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|cRaNde2tx41rDn-9X1KSNg|5|Good food, attractive restaurant, excellent service....this was for lunch on a Tuesday.  The salmon and rice dish was excellent as were the lettuce wrap appetizers and the small, perfect desserts of tiramisu and lemon leche.  A very pleasant experience.  I understand, though, that it is much more crowded in the evening, which may have caused some of the bad reviews it has received.|0|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|Yhotyln7QiqpPOfNij2LEw|4|Thee Red Fez is a great bar on the outer trim of the downtown bar/restaurant area. I usually have a good time when I come here whether it's to drink or dine. The Fez is 2 levels. The second floor caters to the bar atmosphere, although you can dine up there. They used to have pin ball machines, but I believe they've taken them out.Prices are on the more moderate level, but the cuisine and specials never fail to impress me. I docked one star only because on a few occasions I had less than primo service from the bartenders. I feel any staff should be friendly and attentive, and it's mostly hit, but sometimes miss, here at the Fez.I'd recommend coming here if you'd like an intimate environment for friends or a date.|0|0|0
SebzGPx68D3cMaLcoHSfUA|e9giazpDciHZN1kFF41p1g|5|Great food at moderate prices and very helpful and friendly staff.  The owner Sherri is always there and is always making sure everything is running smoothly.  Exellent catered food, too!|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|ssXwMsdDH77-GsFDlXo_FQ|4|I love this place. I cannot get enough of the falafel salad with lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, olives, tabbouleh and feta. Don't forget the hummus, better than anything you'll find in the store!|1|0|1
B0_HY1F7bUqB3ONhy73udQ|JhCnyQzwxEdZIwxTGd3NPw|1|I usually like to talk up the places I'm reviewing but this place is just too much to even give more than 1 star.First, lets talk prices... 7 bucks for a kids hamburger, ARE YOU KIDDING ME? the meat tasted like D grade, the bun fell apart even before my 4 year old picked it up and the fries were a Sysco frozen bag special. Then came the 4.50 "chips" which included coming on a teacup saucer sized serving, piled high with bullshit broken chips that looked like they came from the bottom of the barrel. Then let's talk serving sizes...I got their "taco" special, which turned out to be 3 tiny little tacos with barley any meat, no sides other than onion on top. Avoid this place like the plague, it's a waste of time and the ambiance blows.|4|1|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|HXDD_esT35EPINWRe9Pz3Q|4|One of the best pizza spots in Providence with out a doubt.|0|0|0
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|fWkV6k_7mIwQejEE-Jzujw|5|INCREDIBLE!!!! The steak was the best I've had in my life (NO lie) and perfectly cooked. My boyfriend got the tuna steak -- which was also on the top of my list for most incredible foods I've ever tasted. It is pricey-- but here you really get what you pay for. Atmosphere was very cool and great for a romantic date.|0|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|PqEMzxn_7OHpqpwr0bXYkA|4|I am amazed at how much this restaurant manages to do in such a small space. The menu is ridiculously huge, with a breakfast selection, dozens of sandwich options, burgers, salads, and entrees. Three different soups (made from scratch) are offered daily. To look into their dessert case is to glimpse the face of some confectionery deity: gigantic cookies, several kinds of tarts, carrot cake, pie, creme brulee, tiramisu, and a few divine chocolate creations are all on display. They also have one of the nicest bathrooms in the city of Providence.The problems are the crowds, the portion sizes, and the prices, all of which are too much for my taste. It's nearly impossible to find a seat at lunch time, and the service is a little slow. I have never managed to finish more than half of my food, and I have never paid less than fifteen dollars for a meal.Thankfully, the food and coffee are consistently good. I have enjoyed everything from the veggie sandwich to the breakfast omelet with spinach and feta cheese, and I especially love the soups and the wheat toast. The desserts are simply amazing. The huge cookies are slightly crisp on the outside but soft in the center. The chocolate cake, moist but not overly dense with a tangy chocolate cream cheese frosting and perfect filling, is on par with any dessert I've had at Pastiche. Meeting Street certainly does everything right; I just wish they didn't charge so much to do it.|1|0|1
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|11YOuhbC50YHN-U-QDWCZw|4|Brickway is infamous for its long wait, but if you get there early enough, you can usually get seated right away. It's perfect for a lazy Sunday morning. Their menu is the usual brunch fair, but the portions are huge, the prices are reasonable, and the food is good. I normally go for the omelettes or the pancakes, and I've never had a bad experience. The service is usually good, and most importantly, they do not skimp on the coffee refills. Solid Fox Point institution, overall. I would definitely go there over Cafe Zog any day.|0|0|1
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|D_4XAGLCy9btfE1i8ZcYEw|5|awesome fast service. awesome food awesome price|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|ICA5WWbGQgK2ucExNYacmw|5|Best all around restaurant in Providence although somewhat expensive (per providence standards) for smallish portions.  Great for special occasions and if you have the money and the time I cannot recommend their tasting menus highly enough.  The only reason not to get the matching wines with it would be to allow yourself to sample their expertly crafted cocktails.|1|0|1
J4lY9l9LsKWBTa49cY0-mw|wNSrGl5Qf2l0g1Xer7dckg|5|The Pizza is AWE...wait for it...SOME.  Flat out awesome.  On top off that, the crust is amazing.  The pizza is simple (dough, sauce, cheese) and that's what makes it great. Most restaurants lose their way in trendy pizzas with all sorts of toppings and ingredients that just don't work. The pizzas here are the best because the ingredients are simple and work well together. The menu reminds me of what the contestants on Top Chef would do with a pizza challenge. The starters are fantastic (especially the Baked Goat Cheese), but the pizzas clearly take center stage.   Also, if you're not feeling one of the pizzas on the menu, just ask for a custom pizza.  I've seen the chefs make a anchovy pizza that made an Italian gentleman think of his favor place in Naples.  The wings are out of this world - great taste while not being oily or greasy.In the end, I love this place.  I go a little too often.  I may need to cut back on all those delicious carbs.  Full disclosure: I know one of the owners of this fine dining establishment.|2|1|1
zOtmzrVbiiUjsqrPBLPq2w|088SkMN7Hjn2vK2MEUfc3Q|4|I stopped in to Coco Pazzo with some of my fellow Yelp co-workers on a recruiting trip. We were very high maintenance; we were having a meeting while eating, shuffling a bunch of papers on a few tables. The staff was extremely helpful and patient.We split a couple of appetizers. Most were decent, but the group favorite was the bruschetta (the best I've had in recent memory).I'll definitely be back.|1|0|0
hh92MQDje3zsN1jXi6uRKQ|XHrKXZQXWdMFEKrlxdarVw|4|Cheap, delicious, made-to-order grilled cheese sammiches coming soon to a food court near you?  We can only hope!I tried The Cheeseboy Classic with an add of red onions at the Providence Place location.  Perfect pre-beer fest base layer.  I'll be back!|1|0|0
JUC2w_byPiyEbXrufEik-w|qkr00D3bjfnnvLgYDnXhMQ|2|I was really excited when I found Phonatic listed on restaurant.com selling gift certificates.   Husband and I had been there several times before and we usually always enjoyed the food.  So we decided to use the gift certificate over the weekend, almost 3 months after purchasing it.  The food as usual was really good.  We did not order pho this time but a couple of dishes and a bowl of wonton soup which I think was easily the best wonton soup in Rhode Island.  We presented the certificate to the waitress who brought us our check.  She pointed out that there would be 18% gratuity as stated on the certificate.  Fine, no problem.   So she came back with the updated total written on the check, which was close to $20.   I put in $20 and told her we were all set, no change would be needed when she came by to pick it up.  To my surprise, she opened the folder up where the check and the money were in when she was still at the table.  It was like she wanted to make sure there was enough money in it.   I thought that was really rude, but I decided to say nothing.  So she then took the folder to the register and I could see she kept looking at the inside of the folder as she was walking towards the register and continued looking at it more for maybe a minute.  She then walked back towards my table and said "There is no tip here".   So I said, well I don't understand, because you mentioned to me there was 18% gratuity to be added and gratuity is tip.  She then went on to say that the boss had told her tips were separate from gratuity.  I said if you have a dictionary, look  it up and you will see that gratuity is the same as tip.   She then said she would ask her boss.   So I saw her talk to a guy who I assume was the boss.   When we were ready to leave she happened to be around our table and so I asked if everything was all set.She apologized for her mistake for demanding a tip, I did realize that perhaps it was due to a language barrier that she did not know what gratuity meant.   So that part was acceptable.   What I dont find acceptable is the fact that she had to check inside the folder even before she walked away from our table.   Just because we (regular customers, mind you) used a gift certificate does not mean we'll try to cheat you again on the payment.   If it was not for the policy that they themselves put in place to automatically add the 18%, we would have given her easily at least 20%.   We have used gift certificates before in a few other places and we had never experienced anything like this before.   We will be less of regular customers now.|2|0|1
qhz-qmRp30-khTbJ3DjnYw|41GUi1qvVeWDhHeviDF7pg|1|TERRIBLE service. Went there for my and my boyfriends birthday, with my parents and two siblings. I made a reservation, they called confirmed it, we arrived. Were sat, Tiny little place, it wasnt busy at all, so we thought it would be no problem. I'll give them that the bread is good. The food was pretty good. But it took FOREVER coming out of the kitchen, the server was a bitch about a few questions we asked. Was outright rude to us, ignored us throughout the meal never coming to check on things, and we had a few problems. There was a mixup with birthday dessert that never got resolved. Now i NEVER tip less than 18%, usually im in the 25-30% area. I work in the industry, and it takes some SERIOUS problems to upset me. However, the server was terrible enough that i didnt complain, or leave extra when my father left only 15%  i actually thought it was generous, seeing as she made my birthday pretty miserable. We all bundle up in the car to go home, and 5 minutes later my cell phone rings. The owner/manager is on the line yelling at me about under-tipping. I burst into tears, cause thats just the icing on the birthday cake. Now i'm ok with the automatic 18% grat for parties of 6 or more, if they had put it on the bill, we'd have paid it. But expecting high tips for abysmal, rude, condescending service? Crazy.Will never go back. Classless act all over.|8|1|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|x5CMZDlNRZgwpliJy63SIw|1|I regret to inform all of you that I was taken to Fire & Ice on a date, yes... a date a couple of years ago.  I'd never heard much about this place and the guy seemed to be ranting and raving about how awesome it was.  So I said to myself: "self, you like to try new things, so let's do this."  So I did. We stopped in on a week night.  The place is huge inside, tons of tables. The waitress came over to us and kindly explained how it all works.  We go up to the buffett, take a plate and go from there. I like the idea of this place, unfortunately; I wasn't impressed with the food, at all.  It was so bland and not fresh.  The buffett stations were messy and the items looked like they'd been sitting out for hours on end.  I will never, ever, never go back to this place.  Not only because the food was horrendous, but the date was bad too.|0|4|0
BxmSFfCPQN_bg24l44a56Q|Up1O83ozcH-XU0KqYZR7Cw|4|This place, in a nutshell, is awesome. The drinks are inventive and fresh (reminds me of Cook & Brown) and the space is out of this world. You feel like Daisy in the Great Gatsby upon entry into the historic bank building that is completely ornate and romantic in style. We went for drinks and saw the menu and decided we needed to try some apps. So we got the sweetbreads, ceviche and a sweet potato special that came with caviar. To be honest, I've had more delicious sweetbreads - ones that melt in your mouth and you feel gluttonous eating them - these were not they. BUT, the sweet potato special was stunning and quite unique. The ceviche was fine - not stellar, but tasty. I will definitely be going back to this place for the cocktails, ambiance and friendly bartenders. And I will definitely be sampling their menu some more. Yeehaw! So happy to have a prohibition-style, classy gin joint in Providence! Booze is back.|2|0|2
LLMIzRMVcu_F7gwfdY_wSQ|yrqzt5IeOGQ3xa98vZQ0xw|3|Stopped here after visiting The Avery to grab a bite to eat Saturday night. They had loads of boring bottled beer and Sapporo was the only draft. The oyster selection was impressive and reasonably priced. I also got the steamed duck bun. The steamed bun was quite good but the duck breast had obviously been of the frozen sort and was as tough as rawhide. My friend had some sort of mushroom dish and loved it though. The service and price was ok and the place was pretty cozy. If you are looking for a quiet spot near The Avery, this is an ok spot, though Julians is not that far away.|1|0|0
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|xpVWpxMBXmYS1xSeeralOA|4|The thin crust is alright, a bit soggy for my tastes, but I really like their "sicilian" style. It's got about a half inch of crust which is usually crunchy on bottom and a bit breadier towards the top, which is covered in sauce/cheese. A lot of places make this style of pizza and end up making bread that has sauce and cheese on it, which is by no means pizza. Antonio's does it better than most. $2.00 per slice.|0|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|er9iW6a7CUHE5bLO4ye5Hw|3|A continuation of the wintry weekend in RI.  A good friend was in town from Alaska, and requested meeting up at Meeting St. Cafe for a late breakfast on this Sunday (12/21/08).  The request of course was made I think because of the potential of scarfing down some of their dessert that he was a fan of.  We met up with my buddy and my brother and his wife and 2 young kids.  Having snowed for the last 2+ days, our first challenge was to find a parking spot - this usually is not a problem parking on the street but today there was a possible parking ban and the restaurant only has 2 allotted spaces in front.   That figured out, we went in and got a bank of tables with a bench.  The cafe has a kid seat, so that was a plus for the littlest guy.  We quickly ordered up our food and spent some time catching up and waiting for our orders to arrive.  The portions are HUGE, and I can say that my order of Edy's Favorite Sandwich (fresh torpedo roll stuffed with an abundance of eggs, scrambled with Italian sausage and American cheese) was a stomach-ful, but very good, served with breakfast potatoes.  Judging by the other empty plates, everyone else thought the food was good as well, and I even scarfed up some of my nephews huge hot dog.  Service was good, though there were only a few other souls here this morning, but I chalked that up to the snow conditions and the holiday break (the lack of other diners).  Maybe it was good that their were only a few diners since my 2+ year old nephew kept wanting to walk over to the fish tank by the door to check out the fish heh heh.Overall this was a nice place for breakfast, and lunch and dinner options are also available (BYOB).   The prices are fair, and you can keep the bill down if you don't go nuts ordering beverages.  I give it 3 stars/A-OK for the good food and service; I, however, am not a "dessert guy" so can't vouch for the desserts, as others have raved in their reviews!|0|0|0
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|rN35VDaSKEpewqoDWznfGg|4|I went with my parents and we shared a small Nam Yaa soup, which was excellent.  As I'm a big eater, I wish we had ordered a large, but the small was enough for the three of us to each have a decent sized portion.Then we had the Green Curry with beef (without the eggplant), chicken Ramvong and Red Curry with pork.  The ramvong and the red curry were excellent, while the Green curry was a bit off the high standard set by the rest of the food. Definitely worth eating there again when I'm back in Providence.|2|0|1
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|68LmmPmqrl8nEeaIuk-U9g|3|Waitress was nice, but the person assisting on the floor brought us lukewarm dumplings for our appetizer and forgot our soup completely. We didn't get it until we asked our server after we had already gotten our main dish! Otherwise, the food was good. Hoping the service is more up to speed next time we visit.|0|0|0
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|KS69R7rZWei_Oq5BrT7LGw|4|Joan was an excellent server and the food was fantastic|0|0|0
B0_HY1F7bUqB3ONhy73udQ|8AHwby4ShZdbKRbYhCMh9w|2|Ok , I'm all for some Mexican food but this place fell short. I came here with my fiance after a function at the convention center.  Upon coming in we were able to get a seat by the window and people watch. It was late so if your a guy that likes watching all the half naked college gals SASHAY to the club and bars downtown, Come on down!      Now back to the inside.  It was not that crowded but we were still waiting a bit for our waitress when she finally did come I realized it was mostly her serving all the tables..poor thing was running around she defintely needed help. As she was taking our order, I noticed she turns her head to the floor and moves her foot and steps on something that came from under the table. lol. What she squished I still don't know. I think it had multple legs and a tail :/    On to the food, I had the soft tacos and fiance ordered the burrito with shredded beef. I was still unsure what I wanted before I ordered so she put his order in first and it took a while to come out but as soon as I ordered mine it came out in like 2 mins!!! Which showed b.c  I got horrible, soggy soft tacos with no flavor and hardly no meat. I just ate some of his burrito instead which was good. But still not worth it. Not coming back here. sorry|1|0|0
1u5tSUPGO213ZX0WBj0uxQ|GIbxefKhaTybhv6bYsl9ZA|4|I was in town visiting the Providence Performing Arts Center when I stumbled across this little gem. I fully admit that I wasn't hungry when I went into this place, but when I saw the meats by the sanwich section -- Not to mention the rather nice menu I made myself hungry. Yes I have the unique ability to empty out my stomach for more food. I got the special sanwich of the day which was Chicken, avacado, hummus, gouda and a spicy sauce of some sort.  My boyfriend had the Spicy chicken sanwich. Both sanwiches were prepared on what appeared to be freshly made italian bread, and wrapped up in foil.  The man who made the sanwiches was rather fast- - However he did not listen to me when I said " No cheese. "The sanwiches were AMAZING, probably the best sanwich I've had in ages ( besides the ones I make of course ).The selection of hard to find beverages in this store was great, I was pleasently surprised by their asian snacks ( as I have always been a fan of them ) My biggest issue with this place is the fact they have hardly any price tags. Now I'm not at all a penny pincher, but it would be nice to know how much you're paying for something.  My next issues is the fact the guy didn't listen to me when I said " NO CHEESE. "  I'm Lactose intollerant, I really don't enjoy picking the cheese off my food. I do love how clean this store is, not to mention the different harder to find food/drink products.|1|1|1
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|QQv3JqZA5ZKhuKszXsmLWw|4|I had a great dinner here with my girls from Netroots Nation.  It had great drinks, good food and a wonderful atmosphere.  I wish there had been more options on the menu for someone who can't eat wheat.|0|0|0
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|Idtjgnc6VJ0ZuuFZVJp4_Q|5|This is still my favorite Chinese restaurant in the area, and now they serve sushi, so it's a win-win for me. Everything I have had is delicious and priced accordingly. I will recommend eating in the restaurant rather than ordering take-out or delivery; there's something about styrofoam containers that just ruin it for me.The decor is awesome and so not your typical Chinese food joint. The restaurant is on the second floor overlooking Thayer Street with floor to ceiling windows on two sides. It is small, but they pack tables in, so prepare for an intimate experience. The lighting "sets the mood" and there's "stars" on the upper part of the wall along the ceiling. The music is a little clubby, but it just adds to the fun (I heard Katy Perry's "ET" along with N'Sync's "Bye, Bye, Bye" during dinner tonight).If you are looking for an individual meal, ask for the combo menu, which they will provide on request. They have my favorite beef and broccoli I have ever had (mostly because the broccoli is awesome). The scorpion bowls are amazing and always good for a fun night. The bar would be much improved by throwing up a couple taps for Japanese beers; for now, they only serve bottles.I tried the sushi for the first time tonight: spicy tuna maki roll and salmon and avocado roll, both of which were delicious. The fish was fresh, and the rolls were well assembled.Shanghai is snazzy enough for a date, but trendy enough for a night out with friends. Highly recommended!|0|0|0
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|VKcO74BRptFHcr8N9V0Erw|3|I had eaten at a PF Changs a few years back when traveling for work but I Didn't remember much about it. Seemed like this one tries harder to be on the high end of restaurants when it doesn't need to. Me and a few friends were at the mall for Xmas shopping and stopped in. We were told it could be a 20-25 min wait, but it Was more like 10. Service could have been better, our waitress wasn't around much and seemed a little awkward. The food selection is good, and everything we ordered was shared (as they suggest). It all tasted pretty good. Its a bit pricey for Asian cuisine, and its more Americanized than most small restaurants seem to be. Drinks are expensive....I had water. Didn't notice their selection of Asian beers but I know they have some.After all is said And done they do things well here, but there isn't much drawing me back for another visit. I'm sure I will eat here again if I'm in the area, but I'm not going out of my way to come back anytime soon.|0|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|fqbNuyEmQiXXvacdl9mqDg|2|I had high hopes for this place, as I had heard about great, fresh, huge sandwiches. I was craving a good meaty sandwich, which I rarely do...so I ordered the half-size steak sandwich. It was just an overcooked piece of (pretty-grisly) meat on a white roll with a few onions and mushrooms. I didn't even have the appetite to finish it. My boyfriend got a chicken sandwich, totally boring and nothing I couldn't make in a second at home--bad soft bread, a bit of mayo, a piece of lettuce and a slice of tomato. The sides were all pretty gross, a tasteless pasta salad, and a KFC-quality cole slaw. Maybe we ordered the wrong things? Decor is pretty tacky and didn't really help me relax and enjoy. Sorry to add this to all the rave ratings...maybe it's okay for starving undergrads? Or the lack of Thayer St options?|0|0|0
LahgT0Dec0B6NSws7VHiJQ|uiGdtsCaIFPRSc23qbHzqQ|4|I'm really picky about hot dogs and, unless really starving, tend not to eat them in any restaurant/cart/etc... (I do make a fine Hebrew national frank on the grill). That said, I'll gladly eat the chow at Spike's anytime.  Whichever Spike's you eat at you're guaranteed a good hot dog and decent chicken sandwiches. Make sure you try the poodle fries- they're these great curly fries, and are totally addictive. Even better with cheese on top.|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|jv28nlKjPW3tNIymVaGk3w|5|The Food?AMAZING? The yellow split pea thing was soooooooooo good. The owner, Ben was very friendly and explained the dishes and how to eat Ethiopian food traditionally.I absolutely love Ethiopian food and this was the closest thing to the real deal, no wait, it probably IS the real deal!!!! Since the Owner helps Eritrea and Ethiopian refugees by hiring them as cooks to cook AUTHENTIC cuisine from their countries. The beef tip thing (excuse me for my ignorance) was tender and well seasoned. The injera was tangy and soft. I got so greedy though I had to use a fork. Everything is well thought in this restaurant they even provide wet naps. (Who says wet naps are just for chicken wings)Lets talk about the bad or lets say the not so great.Space! Very limited. Tight squeezes. But this could be good if you bring your date here it can be an intimate experience. However since this type of food is meant for sharing with a large group of people the issue of space can be tricky.All in all I  this place and didnt even deduct stars because of space--THE FOOD IS JUST THAT AMAZING|1|0|2
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|BVS9dttQihhhUGPwX8N9vQ|3|The smell of fresh brewed coffee just draws you in. I love coffeeshops and outdoor seating is a must for me. Coffee exchange delivers! Its a nice little coffee shop in Fox Point with a big deck for outdoor seating. Good selection of baked goods and free wifi. They also grind and sell beans there for you to buy and take home.|1|0|0
AKfHinPZ5vdPdHRzpvSWtw|-FYRq0CAvG1hfiIa1F7Lew|4|This place is fantastic.  Sura is providing some solid competition to Haruki.  The prices were very reasonable and the food quality was excellent. Without a doubt, I will be back.|0|0|0
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|6DmjbYpsxz8MUSSXeX4PAw|2|A bunch of friends and I went here to celebrate my birthday, it was a 13 party table but we had called ahead in advance to let them know we were coming on a Saturday night, etc. First off - the beer menu is amazing... but right then and there we hit a problem, about 6 of the beers that people ordered were out of stock - total math was 6/9 different types of beer (not everyone was drinking) were apparently out of stock. I should also mention before my next critique that the place was remarkably dead for a Saturday night - it was my party of 13 and 2 other parties of 2 in the entirety of the pub. That being said, the service was remarkably terrible, the waitress didn't end up writing anything down and constantly kept forgetting both drinks and food. At one point after she brought out all the food she asked two of my friends if they'd like something, one of them pointed out that he'd in fact already ordered when everyone else did and was still waiting for his Shephard's pie - his girlfriend just didn't bother wondering if her mac and cheese would even be brought out... after 3 hours of us being there it was not - but at least they didn't try and bill us for it. Overall the wait-staff is absolutely terrible, I understand we were a large party but it was absolutely dead with 3 waitresses on only one helping us and if you're going to not write down orders then at least remember them - no one is going to judge you if you have to write something down to get it correctly (or at least I won't). For the level of business they seemed to be experiencing it would have been nice to not wait up to 30 minutes for the beer we ordered between trying to flag the waitress down from texting on her phone to waiting to hear that "sorry we're out of x".I should also mention that this place is NOT cheap - at least on the menu there is a good beer selection (if they have it that is) but the prices are definitely geared towards brown/risd students and those who can afford the inflated east side residences. That being said I'd say you're better off exploring beer via beeradvocate.com and yankee spirit liquors in Attleboro, MA for a cheaper and more efficient experience.|0|0|0
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|y2pL6_HrHVcy7IBTjNfK2w|4|I'd never had Cambodian food (never seen one in Chicago) and this place was recommended by a colleague so we checked it out while traveling for work.The place looks and feels like your typical college town Indian/Thai restaurant - renovated small old house with a kitchen somewhere in the back.  The menu looks pretty similar to Thai as well - curies, rice dishes, tom kha, tom yum, etc.  I tried the Green Curry which is my usual benchmark dish at Thai restaurants and was impressed.  Cambodian curry is has similar flavors and spices to Thai, the only  major different being that the coconut milk is used much more sparsely if not at all.   I love coconut milk, but this was a nice change because the milk can sometimes overpower the underlying flavors and spices.  I like things spicy, so we asked for the maximum spice level which was "XXX".  It was moderately hot, but pretty tame from my experiences with a range of Thai food.  I could have used another "X" or two.  Make my lips burn.Good food, good atmosphere, and a solid choice for an Thai-like ethnic cuisine Providence.|1|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|F66IcARdDQ_po40W8hgybg|2|Not impressed, sausage was cold, service was bad. Asked for muffin as starter as listed on chalkboard, it came with my meal. Omellete was good. Hard to find, sign on front of building is blocked by tree.|2|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|5dX3_rtwzKApv4f8ykbGPQ|3|Solid burger joint for those looking for something other than cheddar or Swiss cheese on your patty.|0|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|dl1gmdQIfB7hc_vk2C75-g|5|In providence, this is as good as it gets with sushi. Whenever we want good sushi (Haruki Express is only good for so long), we make the trek down to Sakura. Fresh fish and no price gouging. Yum.Without fail, we always order a roll of spicy tuna because it is so delicious here. Always go for one roll of spicy tuna regardless of what else you may have ordered. It is unbelievable--so fresh, so well dressed. We got a love boat to share and the stand out was the white tuna, hands down. Now that I know, I'm not even going to bother with the other types of fish now, just get me white tuna sashimi and bury me in it. It is so buttery and cut perfectly so that you don't have weird fibers messing up (and grossing you out) the smooth, clean texture. As far as their creative rolls get (the ones with tons of sauce), the Wickenden roll is damn good. However, it is a giant roll in diameter, so it'll take 2 bites, which means lots of messy sushi eating. 5 stars for being a great restaurant with reasonable pricing.|1|0|1
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|CVi3rrJBnv31rMFO3R3pzg|4|Another gem in Providence! The menu had a variety of options for our work crew of six people, who have a variety of tastes. The waitress was very helpful and answered all questions in a helpful manner. The ambiance was very nice, along with the prompt service. The food was tasty and well prepared. The only hiccup was a chipped glass, but the waitress immediately took it away and replaced the full drink with a new glass. I highly recommend the blueberry parfait and the ginger lemon cocktail. Enjoy!|1|0|1
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|xGZA0LiJoQpTop7nZ-yazw|4|Stellar service! Loved our waitress - she was so helpful when we asked her where to go in Providence for exploring when we had brunch here. I had the chimichurri steak with poached egg, mmmmmm. Nice bite. The boy had a pizza with balsamic vinaigrette over it, delish! I wish we weren't so lazy that evening to come back for the bar - sounds like they do a decent night at the bar. The interior of this place could totally be the set of Gossip Girl...that's how posh it is.|0|0|0
6fz6hlH9LDkZ9jwtwBVOEQ|iCppbv3C7XvCyzIZnNQ7fg|3|Go for the drinks!!! They have great bartenders. The food is okay nothing to remember.  I would go back for the drinks anytime anyone asked me to!|0|0|0
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|ziL8chrxFpGtA0oFQNUrwQ|4|This place was great. Loved their selection of beers. We chose this place as there were many of us celebrating the end of our masters program. We planned to sit outside, but the weather was uncooperative, so we opted for the basement, instead. We ordered several items from both the English Cellar and their sister restaurant upstairs. Everything was great. The decor is cute, but the music was a little loud, especially for happy hour. Our server was attentive and we had a great time. The only drawback was the bathroom was a bit dated and yucky. Thanks English Cellar!|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|A_HWWJ4PO3nG9IRlfZjNbQ|4|YUM!!! Pizza is one of my favourite foods and Nice Slice knows how to do it right!|0|0|1
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|t52MFJRKSuQ7SQM34qU4ug|3|Pretty good, but not as good as I hoped. Service was ok, waitress was personable but there with some small glitches (ie, coffee and tea served without milk or sugar which took at least 10 minutes to get, a bottle of wine took more than 20 minutes). Menu was solid with something for everyone. In our party of 8, three of us had the vanilla scented scallops dish which was very flavorful (albeit small) and creative. The hangar steak and burger got solid reviews (although the rosemary billing for the fries seems misleading? I couldn't taste any at all). The pasta special was pistou and quite bland, but was clearly fresh. The desserts were all "meh". We tried banana upside down cake, chocolate cake, and the bread pudding special...texture and flavor were just ok for all three.|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|vLTrtgiM-8TTjRWD4RbelQ|2|I find it comical that virtually no one giving this place a good review actually lives in RI.  Most locals stay out of Al Forno and leave it to the tourists.Perhaps I'm just spoiled, but Al Forno is so overhyped it's mind-boggling.  The reviewer that not only compared it to Per Se, Gary Danko and The French Laundry, but said it was better, has got to be kidding.  They're in a completely separate league than Al Forno.Al Forno has a quaint patio and damned good pizza.  For twenty bucks, dough with tomato, cheese and basil should be amazing.  The teeny plate of burned shells I received was not.  The apple tart everyone raves about it good, but basic.  The service has always been inept.Fifteen years ago, this was THE spot.  It's just a dinosaur now.|4|0|1
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|CtvxL2SA-Wn0Tt-Ov1dJwQ|5|YES! I love going to Thayer Street, and Nice Slice is a great bonus and pit stop after walking around. Wide selection of pizzas. Heavy on the meat, Vegetarian, and even Vegan! I've eaten a variety here: pepperoni, veggie, and the vegan bbq. A lot comes to your personal tastes, but try something new. I tend to eat vegetarian, and I'm not always a fan of vegan dishes, but their BBQ Pizza is actually quite good. Service is awesome. Very friendly staff who are very accommodating. Personally, I prefer eating in the restaurant rather than ordering out. Awesome atmosphere and decorations.  Parking is non-existant, but what do you expect, it's the city area... finding something nearby shouldn't be too difficult.Best pizza ever? No. Likely the best you'll find in Rhode Island next to DB's Pizza over in Wakefield.|1|0|0
VXAJvtWSzeFzZinJRs75rg|Z5q7dN--JkWnfGAHK07ILQ|1|Coming from Boston where asian cusine is in abundance, I realize that I may come off a bit rude but...This place was SUCH a disappointment!! Years ago when I was in the Cranston area, I used to venture to this spot almost twice a week for my Thai cravings as I couldn't/*still cannot* find decent asian food anywhere in the area (someone PLEASE recommend a good spot!!). After relocating back home to Boston for a while, I have moved back to RI and knew that Spice was HOPEFULLY a good last minute choice. NOPE!Not only did they get our order wrong, but they threw away our leftovers.We ordered:Veggie tempura--way over-fried and dry, dipping sauce tasted oldBF ordered Kra Pow--chicken was rubbery, sauce tasted cheap and oldI ordered Bulgoki with BEEF--they gave me chicken which was disgusting.After telling the waitress that they messed up my order she proceeded to roll her eyes and walk away, "oh soorrry"... wtf? Apologize, offer something different, I say "no it's fine", I eat it, all is well.Then after all of that, the waiter threw away our leftovers after we CLEARLY said, "CAN YOU BOX THESE UP, PLEASE?"Yes I get it--they get REALLY busy, they're REALLY small, they're in college hill blah blah blah.. no excuses. I have no tolerance for poor service, poor food, and inconsistency. If the food and atmosphere were better, I would have NO problem with crappy service, but they're not.Do yourself a favor and go grab a couple slices at Antonio's instead.|0|0|0
I8dgF5_UENHKJwb0k8J49Q|Qybxyv0L7O_fNiWBQ-kmyg|4|Of the three on Thayer this fall, this is the best burrito. You can't argue with Chipotle's cleanliness of shop and of flavor, but the slow roast pork and (local?) tortillas make this place my favorite. As always, heavy volume keeps their steam table fresh! So I try to go often and do my part.|0|0|0
4EljqY21fLOtLaoWCJlsIQ|365DjGEYWHCMqmB86qoGFA|5|I really try to avoid chain restaurants because they usually result in mediocre food choices but there is something about Uno's that I just love!My friend and I went to this Uno's on Monday night because we happened to be in the mall and I had a coupon (the Uno's rewards program has the best coupons ever!). Our waiter was hilarious and super friendly, he offered us snack hours apps even though we had missed the time that they are normally offered.We ordered the guacamole, chips and avocado egg rolls, all were delicious and we both ordered pizza which was also really good. They also gave us free dessert! This was a great experience and I will definitely be back.Cheap apps, great food, amazing service, free dessert- that is what I call a great restaurant experience!|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|Mm7yR3DDtIKKZY9vOzFz-w|4|Nice Slice lived up to its name on a recent visit to Thayer Street.The situation:  I'm the first customer of the day, they have 8 pizzas ready to be eaten.  Hot, just out of the oven, and cut into slices.I ask if they have anything vegan, and they don't yet.   Before I can say "oh, it's not important, I'll take (other) slice" the folks working there have decided that vegan will go in next, and I can have a slice of anything I want.A very short wait, and the guy tells me that the slices were a little small, and he's giving me two for the price of one.  Wow, as nice a service experience as I've ever had in Providence.  A couple of slices of solid vegan pizza later, and I'm sure I'll return to Nice Slice next time I'm in Providence.|0|0|1
w3p6mz0m1b-jPm26weDabQ|NjHg41vqmslmyPTRpDsLIA|3|My friend and I could not find a reasonable restaurant open on a rainy Sunday afternoon in Providence, and we stumbled across Amy's on Wickenden Street. Thank God we did.Cheerful and unpretentious service, for one. I ordered the California omlette with the yogurt on the side (usually it comes on top, strange!) rye toast, and a fruit cup. The omlette was delish-moist bc of the mushrooms, tomatoes, and spinach-the toast was well, toast, and the fruit was 2 small watermelon wedges. Strange, but I rolled with it. My friend got the chicken salad wrap and they let her substitute fruit for the chips. Her fruit cup was full of tropical fruits. I was a tiny bit jealous. Oh well. It was a great lunch! The employees also answered our questions on what to do in Providence. Great service.|0|0|0
YEUgaDmoKvYQynNgVGenbw|s3h4qbJoPLcFvDDuJKKsGQ|5|THANK GOD that new Management has arrived!(In full disclosure, I am very good friends of the two individuals who have recently taken over management of the place.)The atmosphere is much more relaxed.  My wife and I went on a Saturday night and it was great to enjoy the ambiance and delicious food.  The lamb chops were cooked with just the right touch, it felt like they melted in the mouth.  My wife's steak was one of the tastiest I had (yes I snuck a bite while she wasn't looking).This place is coming back, thankfully!|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|6oa-O8pPzYAdBmWmgcTwew|4|I kept hearing about how awesome this place was and I finally grew the courage to walk in.  The establishment was clean and the open kitchen was very well organized.  I heard the falafel was great but I decided to order a gyro and told the gentleman behind the counter to make it with whatever it normally would come with.  I was surprised at how many fresh ingredients were wrapped into the warm pita.  Each bite was full of the toppings and the warm lamb.  I would recommend East Side Pockets to anyone who wants a quality pocket on the go or just to sit and enjoy.|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|kf0vYfW9CF1lSS_o92MxgQ|5|I was craving an ice coffee with shaved ice. I didn't know where to go so I stopped in at Tazza. The girl explained to me that they do not make iced coffee with shaved ice coffee But would How to use a blender to try to make 1. She went above and beyond for me and it was great! This place is awesome!|0|0|0
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|X2Vztu1xlYOEB3Igo9MMZg|2|After years of seeking good bbq in the northeast I remain unimpressed. United isn't bad but its definitely bbq for people that don't know really good bbq. The main problem isn't the meat (I have had the ribs and the pulled prok) which is very tender and smoky. They just have very average sauce. This isn't their fault. They are in New England after all so their NC and Kansas City sauces just don't cut it.|4|1|2
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|cGim8IWKuGyZTHOBZTnigQ|4|This place is a great restaurant to visit on Thayer Street. My family has been frequenting it for years, as it my elderly grandmother's favorite restaurant in the state. Their Greek food is traditional and delicious. We often get the hot meze platter (the large size will be more than enough appetizer for five people), the calamari, and the gyro dinners. Everything is always great! I've never been disappointed with anything I ordered there. The spanakopita is particularly good, if you want a smaller appetizer recommendation.|0|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|VbHAx_JOu5h_-FBOqVfSiQ|5|Fast, fresh and tasty!  Yes it's small and tucked away but that's why you might find yourself standing next to a celebrity  (Hello Emma Watson!).  The crepes are superb, the smoothies are made to order and the waitstaff is patient and helpful if you have questions.|1|0|0
PJIwOJtZvgg03qrakVfxwg|088SkMN7Hjn2vK2MEUfc3Q|4|I rolled into Tommy's Place at 12:45 on a Thursday, looking for a fun last bar to visit after a weird experience at a nearby club. Tommy's fit the bill nicely.I'm not quite sure what Tommy's Place is. It has a reasonably-sized bar, but loads of tables, a kitchen, and a long kitchen bar with coffee pots. Looks like they're a breakfast joint or a diner during the day.The bartender was extremely friendly, and was quick to suggest places in Providence to visit (though, a bunch were in the back pages of the Providence Phoenix, if you know what I mean).The patrons were similarly cool. I think we talked to everyone in the three or four groups of people that were there in the 20 minutes we hung out.Drinks were cheap, I think we paid three to four dollars for a glass of whiskey. Nice.TVs were muted, and there was no music. The people atmosphere was fun, but I can't say I really dug the "bar" atmosphere, it was kind of like having a night cap in your high school faculty lounge.|2|1|0
0cYGdh3BVnIiLxPB88fEUg|ki4owY1HEDdqbW5BnD0A-g|5|I had lunch at Blount's Clam Shack on Richmond St. last Saturday and it was totally amazing. The quality of the food, the service, the attention to detail was terrific. I had the Fish Taco Wrap and, for a guy with a great appetite, I found I was unable to finish the entire meal. I did eat all of the delicious wrap however. It was my first visit to the restaurant but it won't be the last by a long shot.  The place was filled with families enjoying a mea!l. The restaurant itself is well designed and welcoming. From the minute I sat at the counter I was treated to great service; warm and friendly and efficient. As mentioned, the food was outstanding. My fish was perfectly cooked and included a "boom boom" sause: mayonnaise based with a touch of chili pepper. I also had a cup of the "Clam Bake Chowder" rich with chourice and corn, it was delicious. I'd have it for my whole meal. The manager, Mike, spent some time chatting and answered all my questions about the place. I had bought soups from the shop in Fall River beforee and, now that they are in Providence, I will visit often. Check this place out|0|0|0
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|vbA4AbYWICsfT10ng3yYlg|4|I'm a big fan of Andreas. I love being able to head there with my girlfriends and enjoy a great beverage without tons of people squished into one area. There drink menu always has something to offer me, no matter what I'm in the mood for... i.e wine, beer, cocktail, or pitcher...  The foods so-so, I've eaten there a couple times, liked it ok but not my fav place for greek. Would def recommend it for a nice app and drink night :)|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|AOTqvF1Xc7llVnczDBFgZw|3|Trendy atmosphere geared toward a younger, hipper crowd. Video displays on the wall play old propaganda footage. On the cusp of cramped, it is manageable for modestly sized groups.The food is really good, and I had the best Cuban sandwich I've ever eaten.The sangria is great! Nothing like the overly sweet swill that restaurants typically try to pass off as sangria.The is a parking structure across the road that for $10 is well worth it. Don't be like me and drive the wrong way down a major one way while looking for parking...In fact, if you can, travel on foot.|1|0|0
-93uBoiVyQ2ZPABERT621w|tpEWW4usnsOAMlkh1akxcA|4|This place is very cool. I went for the first time to the Gansett Cream Ale launch party. The place was hopping! I really like the decor in this bar. The beer menu looked decent, but I didnt get to check out the food menu. I would love to check this place out for an after work happy our. I was happy to see they reopened after being closed for quite some time. I will definitely have to check out the food... they have announced themselves as a gastro-pub. Very intriguing!|0|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|iNThBl43fB0UM-3vfiS4wg|2|Brickway on Wickenden, I hoped for so much more.  The bestie and I went here for a super-late breakfast one weekday.  Both of us were really hungry, so we shouldn't have been hard to please.  I ordered basic eggs, homefries, toast, she ordered the pancakes.  The pancakes tasted like boxed-mix-who-must-not-be-named, the sunnyside up eggs had that bad eggy taste, the scrambled eggs were rubbery, the homefries were tasteless, and the coffee was weak.  Neither of us finished.  It may have been a fluke day, or they were getting ready to close, but still -- two hungry people ordering basic food should not have been hard to please.  I hear that the benedicts and pumped-up pancakes rock your socks.  Maybe, but I won't be returning to find out for myself -- there are way too many other places I'd like go to first.|1|0|0
QAxQdJ5m-wrvLUUGb0-ulw|IF9jWNtiHUd_UbOGfwHtYw|4|Way better than Fish Co!It is 100 times cleaner that Fish Co. You do not leave feeling like you spent the evening at the Johnston landfill. The drinks are good, pretty standard for a bar. On a nice night, if you get there early enough, you can sit outside at a table with a view of the water. Not much of a view, but really nice when the weather is warm! Plan ahead for parking, it is rough around there and they ticket!|1|0|0
rblZR9xtCUgwjE19AU2y8w|-1rqMSXzoQ7iYTRipDNhPA|1|I got HORRIBLE food poisoning from this place. If I could give it negative stars I would. And no, I'm not a lightweight: I eat Indian food all the time (and have even been to India) without getting sick. I know it was from the place because it was the only thing I had eaten that was out of the ordinary for the entire week. As it turns out, one of my coworkers had the same experience the same week from the same place, although unfortunately he only told me later and thus I was not able to avoid it. So, in summary, yikes! if you value your health, stay away!|5|2|1
uaPEPXxiEf8rNFbzFyy3Cw|Wbwv4at33RscYwinLrxA4A|4|This burrito joint is a favorite among the downtown office-lunch crowd. Their setup is very similar to Chipotle -- you start at one end of the line picking out your tortilla and move along choosing the toppings you want. Their ingredients are fresh and the burritos really fill you up! There is indoor seating if you want to eat there, and you can of course do take-out as well. The lines can be long between 12:00 - 1:00pm so if you're in a rush come early or later. They have online ordering which is convenient if you're ordering for a big group.|0|0|0
W-RJfufcf-GtIPrdyrJ6pQ|Yue0PbJJPKMbjZbPO5MxUw|1|Well, they're closed...but doesn't sound like it was much of a loss.Tip: If you're looking for tasty dessert, try La Creperie around the corner.|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|-f1cOGmFMAcwTPnXVdl9wA|5|Five Stars due to the amazing new menu. Our lunch of Duck Confit & Steak Tatare cost only $25.  I don't know anywhere that can beat that.  The quality was stunning and the presentation was spot-on perfect.  The new look is a huge improvement and I forgive them for vanishing and taking an extra 2 months to complete construction.  If like me you have been to Tazza before and thought is was only 3 Star worthy (at best), go back, you will not be disappointed.Like so many "new" restaurants they need to work on their staffing.  It was a busy Thursday lunch and the server appeared to be completely "in-the-weeds" and there were only two of them.  Why the other staff did not help out completely stumped me.  There was a host with little to do a bartender equally pre-occupied cleaning glasses and a barrista who could have steamed a lake of milk in his spare time.  Despite this I still give 5 stars as I know how short lived issues of service can be once a manager who gives a damn starts to hear about it.|0|0|0
DDyFfkS0987e1aQEAEZEhA|LULSAJklnZpLKcvKoCv_kQ|5|I was super impressed with this new place in Provy.  The atmosphere is retro marilyn monroe-esque era with a pool table and couches instead of regular seats and chairs.  They had a good selection of fun mixed drinks and beer, and the food was absolutely amazing.  I went with a group of three other people and tried some of their food.  The chili is bomb, the naan pizza is full of flavor, the side salads have excellent balsamic vinaigrette and the chicken wraps are extra tasty because they have BACON :)  The staff was super friendly and attentive.  I will definitely be going back here soon.|1|0|0
QNU9hn3bg_HF6v6UndA6wQ|7ZynuIvo6iJjX7dSqliGpQ|2|Skip it. There are so many other wonderful restaurants in Providence to experience, this place is just a waste of your time and money. The decor of the restaurant is cheesy. They could do so much more with this building, which has such a nice location. We went for dinner with a group of friends and stayed for dancing. As an appetizer we ordered the drunken clams which in all honesty is why I'm giving two stars instead of one. The clams were quite good. The broth was very flavorful and the clams were cooked just right. This, however, was the highlight of the night. Because I wasn't very fond of the menu to start I ended up ordering a very simple pasta dish, which literally translated to fresh tomatoes and pasta. LIES. The tomatoes were anything but fresh and the whole dish was depressingly under seasoned. As I looked down the table at the other dishes, everything seemed very uninspired and boring. At around 10 o'clock the staffs starts breaking down the restaurant area to make it into a VIP/Dance room. This was beyond lame. Because it was a friends birthday, someone had reserved a VIP area. We were told we would have our own "VIP section". Turns out a VIP section means two white couches (oohh lala) on the side of the dance floor. With the "VIP couch" comes your own waitress. I would recommend ordering a few drinks at a time because she doesn't visit often.All in all, it was disappointing. I doubt I'll be visiting again anytime soon.|2|0|0
oRn1Mjtr1BzwyN3-CE2lxA|HFssWbAh1-QX8V4FDMG6iQ|5|wow! am i impressed!i went here last night to meet up with a friend i hadn't seen in a while. the hostess was very friendly and seated me promptly. the ambiance was a sleek and modern with a touch of romance. they definitely know what they are doing here.what impressed me more than their amazing service and food was their attention to detail. small things such as serving a beer with a chilled glass, taking away the appropriate silverware when necessary and adding more silverware based on your next course, serving the lady (ME!) first, and always remembering to refer to us as "sir" and "miss". this detail comes from me working in the industry and i must say i was beyond impressed!i have a bad habit of remembering a servers name, but I am almost certain it was matt? he was very professional and took great pride in the restaurant he worked in. we started with simple bread and olive oil, but they took it another step up and had the oil plate divided into sections with parmesan cheese, black pepper, and crushed red pepper. creative!for dinner my friend had the gnocchi and i had the ribbons pasta. the ribbons pasta is usually served with beef but i am a vegetarian so i asked for no beef. most restaurants would say okay and that is it, but our server (hopefully his name is matt) went above and beyond and asked me if i would like vegetables instead, if there were any vegetables i was completely against, and that he would make sure the chef would do something nice. oh yes he did! instead of beef, my ribbons dish was served with jullienne asparagas and small mushrooms. the sauce was to die for too! did i mention all of their pasta is homemade?!finally we finished our amazing dinner with the grapefruit cheesecake. luckily i found out that their pastry chef is a recent graduate of Johnson & Wales University, which is where I just graduated from. it's nice to see people's work out there! the grapefruit cheesecake was served with candied grapefruit, homemade whipped cream, homemade soft cookies, strawberries and blueberries, and a smear of caramel.this place wowed me beyond belief and i would definitely return!|2|0|1
SKfMzNiCSCURK2ATaZFzZQ|VtGA0DZBJqwFpGqwxQpLbw|3|I didn't even notice that Jakes had closed until i drove by the other day. My friend said they have karaoke on tues so I went with her to check it out. I was surprised how laid back and relaxing it was. They have a huge beer selection but did seem to be out of a few of the beers I wanted to try. The waitress informed me they hadn't had that beer since they opened:(The menu is very limited but did have fried pickles, twinkies, and fried pb and banana's. They also have fresh potatoe chips with rosemary which were very good but good use a little less salt.|0|0|0
YEaJTS5WvIHMajKskQIFzA|RepbaM5Opkimc95QNy8aPw|4|They made my iced coffee with soy perfectly and filled to the top. The service was great - friendly and helpful. Nice seating area -tables, chairs, window seats. If it weren't for the parking, I'd go there more often.|1|0|0
_BG8WroxU2JbZSij6VWx_A|GF8nVcQbFg_lJRLMoegSYQ|4|great place. the staff was nice. the bar is one long bar that wraps around so there are 3 sides to the bar. the live band was great. i do wish that there was more tables|0|0|0
ASpO-JqCKBWNR08vhdbiTg|cbItqaNDC4xgwxbNvWodYg|4|Such a cute store. They always stock unique interesting stuff. They have reasonable prices. I've bought fun literary key cain, great greeting cards, a beautiful pocket watch necklace and a million other things.  Everyone who works there is super nice and helpful as well.|0|0|0
uJA6Perynk-drhKfX5Fh4w|Luj3s_MdUI-Og-j2-eQB-Q|2|Let's be honest.  The food is not good.  Everything is full of grease, you'll feel it in your stomach for hours on end.  But they play crappy old music.  So they've got that going for them.|4|4|2
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|u8toaCWth1q6Hm8TEkNPMg|2|We visited the Duck & Bunny after dinner one Saturday evening, very much looking forward to a glass of dessert wine. The ambiance was great and the server, while busy, was very attentive. The menu had a good range of dessert wines and the prices seemed reasonable. We were unfamiliar with a few of the wines, so we requested a taste of several. The server obliged and brought us a taste of a raspberry dessert wine- we commented on the daintiness of the tasting glass and found the lukewarm wine less than desirable. We tried a second wine, which we very much enjoyed and decided to order a glass a piece, along with a vegan chocolate berry mini cupcake. My dinner companion commented on how humorous it would be if the tasting glass was the same size as the actual glass of wine. We were shocked and chagrined when the server brought us our two $15 glasses, in what could only be described as an extremely undersized ornate shot glass with a stem. In hindsight, we should have sprung for another $15 and purchased the bottle (although we wonder how large the bottle would've actually been). We consider ourselves somewhat of dessert wine connoisseurs and realize that the serving glass is certainly smaller than a typical glass of wine. However, we are not exaggerating when we say that this "glass" was barely 3-4 sips. The vegan cupcake was quite good, but I would say the experience was somewhat overshadowed by our dismay. So, if you were to visit the "Duck and Bunny", stick to traditional wine and beer, or you might refer to it as we do- the "Suck Your Money".|4|3|2
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|rsLdeMcDfd33gdmyrGmJcA|4|I liked this place way better than I expected. I was pleasantly surprised on all counts.Food first: It was fantastic. I uploaded a photo here. I had the pulled pork sandwich (had a nice spicy kick to it). The fries were crisp on the outside, soft on the inside and salted nicely. My girlfriend had a cheeseburger and when she tried it, she said, "Oh my god, this is the perfect cheeseburger. I like that they didn't even bother to ask how I'd like it." It's a good feeling to just be able to trust a place. At her request, they gave her an extra side of sweet pickles which were also good.The server was friendly and she checked on us/refilled our water often but not too often. One reviewer here railed against the service partially because the grilled cheese had a tomato slice on it. I checked the menu when I was there, it says a tomato slice is included...so that was a rant to be taken with a grain of salt. We sat upstairs in the bar area; the feeling of the place was very our style...clean, relaxed, slightly fun & random. I sat next to a Spiderman pinball machine.And finally the prices: not bad. We had two entrees ($20 total) a beer & a specialty cocktail (Hendrick's Gin & Ginger Ale) ($13 total). With tax, our total bill was about $37.Parking: found a spot easily.We'll go back!|2|1|2
AMcQOPu1hcSl7f6iguru3Q|QWbQEvMi8FiXhXSsfhBxDg|3|tacky and average (it's in a mall HELLO!)|0|1|1
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|zoXqT7R39ooBQUxb04JTKA|5|If you're vegetarian this is a great place to eat! The falafel wrap is the most delicious meal you could stuff your face with. Do you like really spicy food? Ask for the suicide sauce. They don't have it out in the open and don't advertise this very spicy and special sauce unless you ask. I used to eat here every day Monday through Sunday! Sadly I'm moving soon and will miss East Side Pockets from the bottom of my heart.|0|0|0
J4lY9l9LsKWBTa49cY0-mw|TtXoKcPvQAOAUxjbju4PTg|5|Although the place was a bit dead for a Saturday night, we had great food and great service. The food and drinks are decently priced and the wings are a must have!|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|8DBsQHoNYIdddr0Qa-WlNw|5|Since moving to Boston, I can't find a falafel as good at the one from here... so fresh, so delicious, affordable, they make it to order, you watch them make it, and they're always efficient and friendly. yum. I always stop in when I'm back in town.|0|0|0
PJIwOJtZvgg03qrakVfxwg|CZt7vQOdhR9AmgJKLSeqFg|3|What can I say, this is old school downtown eats. You want to be transported back in time... or more like frozen in time. I go here more often for lunch than I would like to admit, but they do a great job pumping out the classics like club sandwiches and burgers. They always have specials like chicken/veal parm with a veg and starch oh and a roll too. The service is the best! the two women that work the tables are there everyday and you in and out under a 1/2 hour. Don't be afraid of the blue tarp over the Tommy's Place sign outside or the decor inside just GO!|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|Z0e3naC7HJTEaDzBp44wDw|4|I really like the Cuban Revolution, I think they are really cute and the food is good. (The cuban sandwich is my fav and a must try.) I'm glad they got a new location, the old one was kinda cramped, and I'm digging the outside seating (although I wouldn't recommend sitting outside if its windy...doh!)It gets 4 instead of 5 stars because the service there is like the luck of the draw, sometimes its okay, sometimes its just bad...but I've had worse.They also have vegetarian options marked with a V, which my veggie friends appreciate. =)|1|1|1
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|gdhfAX56TwudohFbpX-xXw|3|Went with a friend last night. Kind of a difficult place to find if you don't already know where it is.  We didn't have reservations and it was busy (wait was 45 minutes around 7:30 on a Saturday night ), but we found seats at the bar pretty quickly.  Bar tender was very friendly and attentive.  Ordered the spinach dip, which was delicious. Loved that they give you the option to have your burger in a wrap.  The only thing I didn't like: the gorgonzola tater tots.  Just not what I expected. The gorgonzola flavor was so overpowering. Other than that, food was good.  Decent place for a bite to eat and a few drinks.|0|0|0
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|xgO_3icJzM3-unfXrBB-Bg|4|Creative Pizza.  Sometimes they get a little ahead of themselves with the combinations which can get sloppy.  This place serves its purpose well-   late night pizza usually when intoxicated and in need of a greasy moderately cheap slice.  For its price and delicious drunk pizza I give 4 stars.|0|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|BY6vX8ZnoG7al0B9PiN5Fw|4|As a lifelong resident of PVD, I had always heard of the Red Fez as a great place to go for dinner...I had only been there late at night in the upstairs bar area and never quite understood how it could offer great food.  Well...the downstairs is actually more "restaraunty" than the upstairs.  We went on a Saturday evening and sat right away.  It is tiny so there is the possibility of a solid wait for a table.  The ambiance is dark, hipster-ish, but very cozy.  Their menu is rather small which is nice because you're not stuck on making a decision for a long while.  They always have specials on the chalkboard near the kitchen entrance - and one of our dishes came from that.  Our server was super cool, chill, and accommodating.  The manager was walking around making sure tables were clear, drinks were full, and everyone was satisfied.  We got a bowl of the green curry soup with noodles which was one of the specials - I love green curry and was NOT disappointing!  I could have sipped the broth through a straw because it was sweet and salty but the noodles added a nice American twist onto a traditionally Asian soup.  I got the mac n cheese with chorizo (since that has always been the recommendation from friends that have been).  It was incredibly filling, cheesy, plenty of chorizo, and a nice crumbly cracker crust on top.  This could totally be shared as a side dish - I wish I did this since i felt incredibly heavy the rest of the night.  My dinner mates got the burger and one got it with the fried egg.  It was JUICY and the fries that came with it were amazing.  All in all, we were certainly satisfied and will be returning!|1|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|1GEbPEQmCd9Vgkg4cKITkQ|3|I was here for the third time this past Thursday, and I still haven't been won over. This place has so much going for it, but I never leave really satisfied with the experience.Great interior, interesting menu, and awesome location. I opted for the Grilled Vegetable and Goat Cheese Terrine from the small plates menu, and personally did not enjoy it. The goat cheese was bland, and the vegetables over cooked. Maybe this alone doesn't warrant 3 stars, however this was the third 3 star meal I've had. The staff was good enough to bring some warm bread however, which helped the meal a bit...Service is slow, and it takes at least a good 40 minutes to receive your food. My Caipirinha was low on the rocks, but still strong and tasty. The weekend DJ series is an interesting concept, with good live sets of house or electronic music. But there is no room to dance - so they have some inviting dance music, with no dance space. Tazza isn't my first choice when going downtown, with all the great neighboring spots, however I'm sure it won't be my last visit either!|0|0|0
rdvWYwtOW6Mw_LTNAqlsQQ|w40q8Q-JsN_s_Rap5dcZLg|1|I tried vanity out for the first time last night and I was very disappointed.  The menu sounds good on paper with good ingredients but the plates were thrown together and not seasoned properly. It was like going to a friends house who tried a new recipe that sounded good but just didn't quite come out right.  This I could accept, but dropping $100 on food that I could have cooked myself at home is not the experience that I had hoped for.  The waitstaff were attentive and the decor was nicely done. Unfortunately, I wouldn't expect this place to be around in a year or so. My vote is to save your money and disappointment and go somewhere else.|1|0|1
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|4_o8AzCFalr09BpOaFTqvA|5|Visiting from California and read all of the great reviews.  I couldn't agree more, this place is awesome!  Fresh ingredients, friendly people and delicious sandwiches!|0|0|0
qylEvwzt5M_p7QTveZlEvQ|fpHzpFe7JvPB94JhqQ2qZQ|1|So I suppose there are positive and negative aspects to having a refined palate. On the one hand, you can truly appreciate an amazing gastronomic experience created by a true artist; on the other, what might simply be a mediocre meal for some becomes a horribly traumatic experience, leaving your taste buds, perhaps even your entire body, crying out in agony and distress.There were so many things wrong with our meal at The ROI that I barely know where to start. Perhaps I should begin with the positive: -The service was quite good; our waitress was attentive without being intrusive, and she even came by to let us know why our drinks were slow to come.-The tzatziki and pita was very good, and a nice change from traditional bread and oil or butter.-The decor was tasteful, the bar attractive, and the bathroom clean.-Mixed green salad was fresh and tasty, with an appropriate amount of a decent balsamic glaze dressing.-The water was ok.The above statements are literally the only good things I can find to say about this place. Now to the negative:Let me start by discussing my own meal. I ordered the grilled chicken with potato gnocchi; not, perhaps, the most exciting choice, but I love gnocchi and figured I'd have a somewhat balanced meal with the added protein. The gnocchi were probably the worst I've ever had; to be fair, I'm pretty sure that I at some point accidentally made some with a low-starch potato that were equally disgusting, but I at least had the good sense to throw them away. The ROI's gnocchi were pillowy in the worst possible sense, squishy and sticky and basically the texture of boba. I love me some tapioca pearls, but not in alfredo sauce. I'm not sure how you make a pasta that literally contains no gluten that glutinous. The sauce itself, although the menu claimed that it contained sherry, would have been bland had it not been so incredibly over-salted, while the chicken had the opposite problem: in addition to having been cooked into a dessicated oblivion, the poor chicken breast was seasoned with neither salt nor pepper. It had, however, apparently been dredged in rosemary, to the point that the flavor of the rosemary was overpowering, and I essentially had a mouthful of pine needles after every bite. In addition to this travesty of an entree, I ordered the West Side Girl cocktail: House-infused lavender vodka, cointreau, & fresh lemon, slightly sweetened. I love lavender, but it was so strong (and so unbalanced by other flavors) that I felt like I was drinking massage oil. My fianc had the courage to send his drink back (which they did graciously comp), although it wasn't nearly as bad as mine. He ordered the Out of the Woods: Ketel One shaken with fresh lime juice, cilantro and local honey. The name apparently derived from the fact that it basically tasted like grass clippings.His entree was the prosciutto, mushroom and smoked mozzarella ravioli. His dish was the opposite of mine: insanely salty pasta and incredibly bland sauce. The ravioli didn't taste like any of the proclaimed ingredients; it just tasted like salt. There was a scattering of mushrooms over the dish (oyster and white button); I hesitate to say that they were rehydrated, but I don't know what else could have possibly rendered them so wet and soggy. As the crowning (the roi--the king? get it? haha?) touch on these appalling culinary catastrophes, the lovely waitress offered us cracked pepper, red pepper or parmesan cheese. Fianc went with the parmesan cheese, and we were very suprised when she did not return with a grinder or grater. That's right, yelpers: they serve grade D parmesan cheese in a shaky jar, just like at your favorite late-night pizza joint. To top everything off, the meal cost more than $70. If a restaurant is going to charge more than $15 dollars for pasta, near Federal Hill, it damn well better do a great job. The ROI, to say the least, does not.|1|1|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|SFN59whK-1UyJutPZfxJxQ|1|I would give zero star for this place if possible. First of all, everytime I went there, it smelled like bleach. I understand they wanted to clean it, but it stinks! How can all people working there be that rude??? You ask for a table, the waiter looks at you and says umm ok then leaves...The burger ( custom-made as you wanted) comes in a completely different way than you put on that piece of paper and you wait for your waitress to complain about it, guess what???she doesn't show up next 15 min. I'm definitely not going back!!!|1|1|0
uJA6Perynk-drhKfX5Fh4w|jI6b5ZkWpUzsXv0MgEzyNg|3|Not the greatest burger, but it has a good location so we stopped by.  Ordered a couple burgers and the chili fries and they were mediocre.  Bathroom was pretty nasty when I went in. What they say is if a dirty bathroom then it's going to be a dirty kitchen!  What can you expect, its a chain.|0|0|0
w3p6mz0m1b-jPm26weDabQ|uYqpUIjos0puuar__elBkw|3|The sign for gluten free bread is what inspired me to bookmark Amy's place.  I took Michael back a couple weeks later and had an immensely relaxing time.  This is the kind of place where everyone knows your name and you feel transported to Cape Cod living.  They have outdoor seating in front to catch the morning rays/people watching and in back for a quieter space.  A small coffee is $.93! and what the food lacks in flavor price and service overshadow.|4|0|0
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|m2Cwh5ycLIk27bEiZlVJhw|4|YUM. So many sandwitches to choose from. Call ahead on Tuesday's though. The line is out the door. It's that good. Room for improvement- faster service would be great.  However it takes a lot to make those sandwiches and they are totally worth the wait.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|Yhotyln7QiqpPOfNij2LEw|4|It's been a while since I've reviewed any restaurants, but I've definitely been grubbing out in the 8 months of Yelp hiatus...Within this time, I've been to Luxe Burger, three times.  And oh BOY! what a joy it's been!  The servers were friendly, punctual, attentive, and knowledgeable of the items on the menu.   The first 2 visits were on quiet nights, the other patrons were scattered about the restaurant, which I liked because it made the experience feel more intimate with the company I was with. The food:  was GOOOD!!!!  I know it sounds nearly blasphemous to go to a burger place and not order their main attraction for my first visit, but I guess I just wasn't feeling a burger that particular day.  I ended up ordering the Ahi Tuna Salad.  It arrived at the table and I was impressed by the large portion!  Everything about this salad made my taste buds jump for joy, as the fish was cooked to perfection and the dressing was perfectly delicious.The second trip, I got a burger.  As I filled out my customizable burger sheet, I was impressed (and salivating) by the options.  I wanted to put everything on my burger, but settled on the KObe beef burger, cheese, bacon and mushrooms... cooked medium rare.  When it arrived the presentation was clean and neat and the beef was cooked just right.  Thumbs up!During my last visit, the restaurant was much more busy.  I was the first to arrive in a table reserved for 8 people.  They kept the table, and our server was nice, patient, and attentive, despite the rest of the party trickling slowly in.  I ordered the Cobb Salad... it was a little less notable than the dishes from my first 2 visits, but still, enjoyable.All in all, I am happy with Luxe Burger.  I recommend it and will go there again!  Keep up the good work!|0|0|0
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|1Z4q8zpCRuGZ0S7qmTcvQw|3|Service is good, Johnny Green costs $15, Johnny Gold costs $16.  Ok in my books, snifter straight up please.I would definitely suggest Kartabar for lunch.  Its a nice little restaurant, however i'm not crazy about their dinners, and it typicially has already turned into a lounge by the time I get there for dinner.Prices are great, and the service I have never had an issue with.  Smoked salmon appetizer is good, and the barcelona shrimp is very tasy, seasoned very well.  Carpaccio is excellent and the bistecca bruschetta (although very heavy) is amazing as well.  Definitely a winter dish, but you could order that for an entree.As far as the entrees go, I"m not too familiar with them, however I can assure you that I have never left disappointed.  Haven't been for dinner in almost a year.  The food is always good, however I will say that the dishes lack a little finesse, there is no delicate cooking in this restaurant at all.  Not a bad thing, however a lot of the plates are always "in your face" with flavor when I personally think that they could be toned down a tad.Regardless, Kartabar is a great place to go for an energy filled atmosphere, and whether you want a cocktail, appetizer, dinner, or all the above, you will definitely enjoy it.|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|Hhhq0hCE0CRL3DW6MiDu-Q|3|So I think it's more of a 3.5 than a 3, to start.My boyfriend and I wandered down from Boston to Providence for the afternoon, and we stopped in here for a late lunch when we were walking around downtown.The hostess was pretty polite, and our waitress was a sweetheart. Our waitress managed to find that wonderful middleground between hovering and neglect. She checked on us a few times, but she wasn't pushy, and she was just overall very nice.The food was a tinier bit pricier than I think it was worth, but it seemed to be decent quality. We each had a panini (he had the portobello one, I had the three cheese). We're both veg, and there wasn't an abundance of choices for us, as a warning. Vegans would be pretty much out of luck, I think. My boyfriend also got the Urban, a really tasty cocktail.The ambiance was nice. There were lovely dark pink/red floor-length curtains over the abundant windows. There were these funky lights hanging from the ceiling that cast a nice, low light. The tables in the corners had comfy, plush couches. When we came in, Morphine was playing over the stereo system. It just had a really nice, relaxed atmosphere. It seemed like a good place to relax and enjoy a cocktail some night--which we plan on coming back to do.My one gripe: the ladies' room. It had one small light on the wall. My boyfriend told me that the lights in the stalls in the men's room were motion-activated, but after pacing around one of the stalls in the ladies' room, it stayed almost pitch black. I also got knocked back into the stall on the way out, because the door to the hall swings right into it when someone opens it. Nitpicky, I guess, but, you know, fair warning for you. At least it was nice and clean, from what I could actually see.|0|0|1
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|mHCtdnDaIeofTgntIx95cQ|5|Great Indian food!!! I loved the Chicken Tiki Marsala and Garlic Naan. Can't wait to order from this great place again. P.S The delivery service they use rocks!!!!!|0|0|0
kATS8uEAIQfeD66JypmgaQ|2dyfZNhtyuHdestczTgWjQ|5|No reservationSteak Sauce? You're doing it wrongNot the place to skimpDon't be put off by the fact that this is a chain. I was initially, and now I'm sold. Taking the experience down a peg is like saying Starbucks doesn't make good coffee because it's a chain. It got to be that way because they do what they do well, and the same goes for Ruth's Chris.You don't come here to eat on the cheap. If you want a cheap steak, go to Applebees. If you want the best steak you've ever had, go here. I was skeptical of course, but the Ribeye was quite convincing. It practically falls apart in your mouth, and stays hot throughout the whole meal due to the heated plate. It's plenty flavorful enough on its own, and topping it with the likes of A1 would almost be a sacrilege.So the steak sold me. But let's start at the beginning. I came here on a business dinner on a weekday night, with little to no crowd. The host greeted my associate by name, and took us to the bar for a few drinks first. Later we took a seat on the outdoor patio overlooking the Riverwalk, and the waiter took our order for wine and two orders of the Shrimp Remoulade. The remoulade sauce is delicious, and the shrimp were fresh and firm. The whole thing was plated beautifully on a bed of greens.Several servings of wine later we moved on to the steak, which was amazing as mentioned above. Paired with the potatoes lyonnaise and fresh asparagus it made for a very hearty meal.For desert, I opted for the bread pudding with whiskey sauce and coffee. The pudding was delicious, fluffy and crisp at the same time.The service at Ruth's Chris is great. They don't ignore you, but don't leave you wanting either. It's the perfect balance, wherein you can have a discussion without worrying about clamming up when the waiter comes by AGAIN. They're diligent in making sure you've got everything you need without being pushy.Overall an excellent dining experience, if not a bit pricey. With all the drinks, wine, food and desert out tab was a little over $500. Very steep for a single meal, but if you've got the money on hand, it's a meal you won't soon forget.|6|0|2
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|j61qfV4YyMIImIpL4GdIuw|4|Cute little spot that has lots of vegan options. I got a slice of the buffalo chicken pizza, was very tasty! not sure what they use for their cheese but i liked it. You can add toppings, so I added broccoli.  I would have gotten another slice, was still a little hungry since the slices are pretty small but for $3 and change didn't seem worth it, but I did really enjoy the slice I had.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|9d5qvuyqYp07I-w2ovCKLw|4|The genius of running a burger joint is that, unless you're my dad turning the grill into a towering inferno and transforming the beef patties into inedible objects resembling hockey pucks, the food is going to taste great. Some buffalo calamari, a couple of custom designed burgers, and two sides of gorgonzola taters tots later, we left very satisfied with our meal. Upon trying the calamari the girlfriend quickly and unexcitedly exclaimed "Bar Louie's are better". So no points for those. But her eyes lit up when she bit into the gorgonzola tater tots and with a little more enthusiasm she said "These are the best tater tots I've ever had!" I bring her comments into the review because I'm a guy that doesn't really like calamari and the only tater tots I had tried up until that point in my life came from the frozen food aisle. Building the burgers was fun. You get a litlte checklist with the numerous options and step by step you build your perfect burger. I wasn't going for originality when I topped my burger with bacon, caramelized onions, and cheddar jack cheese. I was going for taste, and the burger delivered. I scanned the reviews before we went and saw several mentions of rude service. I'm happy to report that we saw none of that on our visit. The beer is sold in pitchers so we saved a couple of bucks by going down that road instead of ordering a couple of beers a piece. In additional to the typical popular crap on tap, they had a couple of seasonal brews, some Sam Adams, and some Long Trail so there was something for everyone to enjoy. The bottom line is we had a good night. The place is fun and the food hits the spot. We didn't expect to shell out $55 for burgers, but when you add in the fact that we got an app and two rounds of beers and you compare to bill to what we could've dropped at a fine italian place, the bill was a deal for a good night out.|3|2|1
-93uBoiVyQ2ZPABERT621w|GwZ2Wy9R9c89KSBc3LFeGw|2|I just ordered a chesseburger to go, this being the first time I have eaten at the Congress.  I specifically asked for mustard, ketchup and pickles.  When I picked up the order, I again specified mustard, pickles and ketchup.  I was told everything was in the bag.  Well, NO PICKLES!  I don't eat cheeseburgers without pickles.  Plus, the burger bun was soggy on the bottom and burned all around the edges, to the point where I had to pick all the bun apart where is was burned black.  Based on this experience, I wouldn't order from the Congress again.  Sorry guys!|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|4AD2zr61LCR_mBmGe33Kng|4|The reviews seemed pretty mixed on this place, but looked okay for breakfast, so we decided to give it a try on a Saturday morning. Food: high-quality brunch fare. The huevos rancheros were light and tasty, not greasy. The housemade granola and plain Greek yogurt had fresh berries, and wasn't too sweet. Great espresso.Service: We were there early, so things were pretty quiet. Our server was great, offered to have our plates split when she realized that we were planning on sharing our breakfasts. I kept an eye on some of the other servers, though, since I'd read about service issues, and I can definitely imagine less-than-fantastic service here when the place is busier. Some of the other servers seemed quite dour and indifferent, more interested in strutting around than helping guests. And they get extra points for playing all of Television's Marquee Moon while we were there.|0|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|iwlUWqCBtXdkiyhLVjhy1A|5|Great atmosphere, great food, great service, this place is essentially perfect in my mind. Everything is good, every now and then the special of the day will be short ribs- a must.Be sure to try the Mac and cheese with linguia (Portuguese sausage), it is the best mac and cheese I have ever had. No resi needed and if there is a wait, you can go upstairs and join the Schlitzfest -  2$ gets you a 16oz schlitz which is just what need to start the night off in provi.On the way to the bathroom be sure to swing by the kitchen and say whats up to the kitchen staff and order them a pitcher!Im still searching for the 'thee red fez' of the lower east side!|0|0|0
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|1-uE_Knktp5b-3b05WcqwQ|3|What the f**k are you Yelpers talking about?? Lola's is fantastic! Great, cheap margaritas. Friendly staff. Waterside deck. Need I say more?|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|WRNL7eR172obLfx3Tn-DrQ|4|Ok, I will admit, I hear Ethiopian cuisine and all I can picture is that Sally Struthers would be welcoming me at the door. Is she still alive by the way?Anyway, what welcomed me actually was a pretty small restaurant but in a good way. It gives the waitstaff to get to know the customers since we sorta need a guide through the exotic meals of East Africa. It is good to go with a group since many of their meals are geared for sharing (large plate of meat, dip and bread). The dips and the meat were very tasty along with the airy bread. I really wanted to try the Lega-Tibs (Veal) but they were out.Word to the wise, be prepared to eat with your hands.The restaurant will surprise you, food and feeling.|0|3|0
6fz6hlH9LDkZ9jwtwBVOEQ|J4t2OEgm7EaBA2zDCoKQ1g|5|Best nachos ever!!!!|0|0|0
Dn-6ZmMqHW_ATU1I-nrNjw|T5izlRnuHQ-_7kPawyTnMQ|2|I would say that this place is just okay and far overpriced for what it is.  The food was decent, but nothing to write home about.  The halibut was sitting in a pool of butter and the mashed potatoes with my husbands dish were sub par, no flavor (he did say the veal was delicious though).  The one positive thing is that the building has a lot of character and charm with it's interesting past.  The service was very attentive and helpful, although don't come in after a casual coastal day... you may get some eye-rolls.  Also note, they charge you for every single "child's" cup serving of soda... no refills.  We felt that they were very sneaky about trying to get the most out of you.  Overall, I wish that we would have gotten a much better meal for half of the price at one of Providence's numerous other charming restaurants.|1|0|0
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|3xFGPEzgK-WNlYnO2QOzdQ|5|Super BBQ Food....I had the pulled pork sandwich with the Portuguese Pop (Bulkie) .....FAN-tastic....The homemade chips are great....cole slaw was good....Claude the owner...is a friend of mine...Claude is a nice man with super ideas.....this is great for Ives street....Using the Portuguese Pops from the next door bakery shows that Claude cares about the local community....good job Claude...|3|0|5
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|t9WWnHRQ-TvbiT7gqpTT_g|4|This place is awesome! Food, service, cleanliness A+Tip: Go light on the sauces.|0|0|0
yNnWaqDFdfD-MqbeAtDfSQ|gVIP8yFneCtxf_6cyih_UA|3|I'd say Fancheezical was a 3.5 star for me.  I had a grilled cheese and bacon, which was oh-so greasy good.  The way a grilled cheese should be!  I also had a cup of the tomato soup and here is where I think they fall short.  It was cream of tomato, but to me tasted like it was campbell's made with milk or something similar of that sort.  If they had a bit of a more hearty tomato soup, more like a bisque or a tomato rice soup, then I think it would have been much better.  That being said, I know they are not a tomato soup truck and the grilled cheese was very, very good.  Definitely worth the trip for a sandwich.|0|0|0
QNU9hn3bg_HF6v6UndA6wQ|TQY03QqnBzTTALx-EI6Pmg|1|For this company affair, we had a cut menu, fish filet, steak filet or pumpkin-chicken ravioli.i ordered steak, my immediate supervisor had the fish and our assistant was forced into eating the ravioli since she couldn't recall exactly what she reserved. i'll get to the point quickly: gross, bland, disappointing.the steak could have been anything, but it didn't taste like anything but refrigerator. the mashed potatoes lacked any discernible spice or flavor, and the broccoli tasted like the steak.the pumpkin ravioli served with chicken cubes, most succinctly summed up in the following quote: "can i just say that i will forever remember that meal as the most disgusting one i've ever had?" it was bland and tasted neither like ravioli nor pumpkin, nor anything else that she would ever put in her mouth again.the fish dry and overcooked with bone remnants so large, our poor guest had to excuse himself from the table to spit them out.we were, however, served a great shiraz and i had the strongest (tastiest) hurricane that thoroughly rocked me.|2|2|1
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|bDuVjoGOoilJEgfhM1iQfg|4|I really enjoyed my breakfast here this morning.There was a bit of a wait for a table, but that is expected on a Saturday morning in a college area. The service was fast and friendly, and were easy to flag down if you needed something.I had the banana pancakes, which were fluffy and delicious, with a side of decent hash. I tried some of my boyfriend's homefries as well, which were very good, and a nice break from the usual Italian seasoned ones you get elsewhere. I always drink black coffee with breakfast, although most breakfast places' are intolerably terrible and can't go without sugar. I was able to drink theirs no problem, but it was nothing special. The prices were decent, the food was good, and the service was great. I will definitely return.|1|0|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|xK5mpFzMTY4xxCGjK1Uw6w|4|I live fairly close. I have been here once for brunch and once for lunch. Brunch was more delicious, but also included a longer wait. However, the 1 thing that beats both is the bread! I actually purchase the Olga breads from Eastside Market as the bakery is often closed by the time i get around to bread buying. A close second is the baked desserts. If i could show up for breakfast without waiting, and then sit there for 3 hours will gorging myself with carbs, i would give this spot 5.5 stars.|0|0|0
QadrDmx4k6Tl7QDz4fAWdg|4TCOItk-gIJROyNA5ftZ-Q|4|One of the better coffee places in Providence. I like that this place holds free coffee tastings on Fridays and that the take out cups are compostable. Like many of the independent coffee shops around town, they go with New Harvest which is good if the baristas know what they're doing and make the effort, and the baristas here definitely take the time and effort when they make their drinks. I like their mochas here b/c of the nutty espresso that is used to melt the good quality chocolate into the drink. The local Rhody Fresh milk they use is fresh w/o the plasticy taste of other milk and gives the drinks here an extra creaminess. Overall, this place is a good choice especially as compared to other coffee joints around Thayer.|0|0|0
AMcQOPu1hcSl7f6iguru3Q|IhmBr-yHC8xLjdnoq7O37w|3|Not the best choice out of all your options at the mall (I love Fire & Ice and Melting Pot) but it's good old fashioned American food and it's good.People are always breaking things in there though. I'm starting to think that the theme of Joe's is getting people to look for the waiter who dropped the tray of plates. I've seen it in the kitchen and I've seen them do it to customers. Not only at this location either.Anyway, the burgers and buffalo wings are good, portions are decent and the price is average. If you're looking for decent America food, come here. If you want to try something new, go to any of the other restaurants at the mall other than UNO's.|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|OYP5ji4eEemu-EOMebeQ2w|5|Best pizza on the East Side.  Easily.Sure, the slices are thin, but that's what thinly sliced pizza is all about!  The BBQ Chicken, Buffalo Chicken, and Tomato/Basil/Mozzerella are my faves.  It's really cheap, and the guys that work there are the coolest people ever!  Make sure you ask about stickers and shirts when you go.Again, like I said, the workers are amazing, and the pizza is fantastic!|1|0|1
Wd9p_AlZTnN6pBHmT9YemQ|xfsDlngoluTTbG95_FbQhQ|5|The food is fantastic and the fish is fresh.  The drinks are a little overpriced.|0|0|0
ezfOX2z0EOFH6UOQyrkRpA|9JQf5pqy8RVb1IHjBRVXkw|5|HIGHLY RECOMMEND!  If you are going to dine there, ask for your waiter to be Rob M.  He is FANTASTIC!.  So knowledgeable, friendly, and professional.  It was our anniversary dinner and we got a happy anniversary card signed by the staff and a box of truffles.  Very nice and unexpected touch!|0|0|0
ZCNv3o4kekN2PPUTlP294w|ldeTSmGQoQDJnt_yCDZ6Ng|4|My girlie and i played a couple of college punks named Kristen and Andy in Cricket.I was sure we would rock their world but we lost twice.  We all agreed that the third time playing was winner take all, so....One of the things I like about Providence (aside from the fact their is now way to shorten the name and make it sound cool {Provy, Prov just aren't cutting it} ) is the bright student aged scene.  College kids can be retards, but Providence has a high ratio of cool ones.|0|1|1
G7zdZt33PU_Gfmt3qHD88w|_dC3wEoq02Op4lCyzYXSZg|4|Average sushi for fish eaters, good meatless sushi for vegetarians. Yam sushi and tempura are probably the best vegetarian options. They don't sell beer, a sushi place without Sapporo or Kirin Beer is like a French place without a wine list. But you can solve this oddity by bringing your own beer to the restaurant. Service may not be that friendly if the place is packed and/or you eat too slow.|1|0|0
pZnk9tKEHrEIHq0NfSzXRA|6UqIsxO8ASoDpyRpVNQ9wg|5|We've been waiting for an authentic tapas restaurant in Providence for too long and our wait is finally over. Flan y Ajo has the required tapas dishes - gambas al ajillo, potatas bravas, jamin y queso, etc. And every dish we had was great. The rosemary and saffron flan is very good as well. They are BYOB and perfect for a snack or a full dinner of little plates. Great service and nice decor. Can't wait to go back.|0|0|0
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|LULSAJklnZpLKcvKoCv_kQ|5|Love love love this place.  They have all the sandwich options written all over chalk boards on the walls.  I have tried the juggs (on a tomato wrap) - it is turkey, bacon, shedds, cranberry sauce, and cheese - it's so tasty with a great mix of savory and sweet flavors.  I also tried the frigid bitch (don't you love the names?)  which has turkey, bean sprouts, chive cream cheese, spinach, tiger sauce and cucumbers.  Also fun because of the crunchy-ness in combination with spicy sauce.  They also have a huge bucket of dill pickles that are free...  BOMB.|0|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|yrqzt5IeOGQ3xa98vZQ0xw|2|The sushi is pretty good and the prices are good but don't ever go there for an evening of conversation. Once you are done with your meal they do everything they can to get you the heck out of there. This is probably since they are BYOB they can't keep making money off of drinks if you decide to chill out after eating for a bit (and by a bit I mean like 5 minutes). If you want to a quick, reasonably priced sushi meal its the place to go, but otherwise look elsewhere.|0|0|0
wKaal1Y4D9DIJPkHVNyP_A|mGCUNlTXVW6aYsfXoZEakQ|4|Very Impressive Ambiance, well trained staff, and the food was excellent - just like "Al Forno", and you can never go wrong when replicating Al Forno's menu.I recommend eating upstairs, with nice westerly views of the Providence River.  There is one huge blank wall upstairs (north wall), that could use some Tuscan countryside murals, (or something creative) to give one the feeling of eating in Cortona, or another Tuscan village, but I'm sure Brian will figure that out in time...  Much of the food was perhaps too much like Al Forno...  The Pizza Margarita, Caesar Salad, Scallops and mashed potatoes were clearly taken from Al Forno's menu.  I was hoping to find more of a variance from the restaurant that Brian trained in, and ran, for so many years, but  I guess I can understand how a chef will do what he knows.  I was just very surprised with the menu similarities, and in some cases, identical duplications...  The quality of food, and food preparation was as excellent as I expected it to be.  I'd just recommend to Brian to lose the Al Forno signature dishes and show us more of his own originality, which I'm sure he has...|1|0|0
P2r5tl57DWK5AcZ_GiSvWg|VwxdsJu0u0S8QMtRGMzcuQ|5|First up, you're going to recoil at the prices.  This is not Papa John's and it ain't Domino's.What you get for your money is really high quality pizza with excellent items and a good choice of crusts.  Delivery is fast and friendly.Me, I like the white pizza on multigrain with shrimp.  And the breakfast pizza is pretty damned amazing.|4|0|1
mdqwn32B4RVJI8_MQLXXHg|mkBgQOwDE5OrrktAkBXatQ|5|I really loved being able to pick between the variety of flavors and toppings...knowing that I am paying by weight ($0.49 an ounce).The music was jumping, the staff was friendly, and the toppings were plentiful. They had a wide variety of sauces, fruits, candies, etc... Things on my wishlist still:-white chocolate chips instead of yogurt chips-cajeta (dulce de leche sauce)-TARO, avocado, and green tea flavored froyo-ability to make my cup into a smoothie|1|0|0
1-WF9A4i-0fI8XxCFbqrTA|s3Sm_8WAE4cmyhrPp3PVcw|2|Where have the world's good bartenders gone? Sure, at Rick's the bartenders are nice to look at, but my girlfriend thought she was in a Pantene ad with the amount of time both woman played with their hair while ignoring the bar crowd. We even tried a drinking game where we would attempt to drink each time one of them removed and replaced their scrunchy, but alas, we had nothing to drink because they seemingly had little interest in actually serving drinks to us at the bar. And is there anything more annoying than bartenders who incessantly text with their backs to you? Every time I've visited the bar, there are three bartenders working, and they always just huddle amongst themselves, talking and texting. Can we just get a drink over here, please? Note to the parent company restaurant group: new bartender training classes, asap !!!!!-|0|2|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|n-LldBEfaqqXfRHhKi-7lA|4|Oh the snuggery!! Just get the peanut butter cupcakes and the glowing review will surely write itself!|0|1|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|dPgm8wLD5eezXpz8ZNz-4Q|4|Awesome night out in Providence.  The Red Fez has been on my list for awhile and I just never had the opportunity to get over there.  It is cozy.  The staff are friendly to the customers and to each other.  The bartender knows how to mix a proper cocktail. It was a little dark and a little loud - but I loved it.  They had fabulous music playing that I hadn't heard in years - Major Tom, We Built This City, etc.  Ironic?  Hipster?  Who knows.  All I can say is that it was a great night.I had a lime rickey. Friend had a Cabana Boy.  We started with the Littlenecks in Narragansett Beer.  WOW.  Spicy.  Tasty.  The bowl had 6 or 7 clams, delicious broth at the bottom and a few pieces of toasted bread to sop it up with.    We moved on to the entrees.  I had the Steak Frite, He had the pulled pork.  Steak was a rib eye, fairly lean, cooked as requested.  It was laid out on a bed of herbed fries.  The steak was schmeared in chimichurri sauce creating a little nest for an egg on top.  Great flavors.  Friend's pulled pork was a sort of deconstructed sandwich - pulled pork equally flavored in maple and vinegar on a mattress of polenta cakes and swiss chard.  Delicious.  There was another round of drinks - sidecar and margarita.  We sat, talked, listened to music and truly relaxed.  It got busier but we enjoyed our booth and at no point did we feel rushed.  Our total was $88. We'll be back.  It was the kind of place where I'd like to become a regular.  It didn't seem like there was anything going on in PVD that night so we were able to easily find parking on the street.  Many local lots in the area have parking available too.|0|0|0
uaPEPXxiEf8rNFbzFyy3Cw|jWt-aVx61hLofq0AfsiCow|2|Ordered from Foodler.com. Food arrived cold as if it has been in a refrigerator or cooler. Rice in burritos was not cooked. We ordered $65 in food for everyone and had to re-heat it ourselves.Forget this lame place and go to Taco Bell, you'll be better off.|0|1|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|6IeTrYhF4Q5WeGT0kY71gQ|4|Bout the 4th time there.  It is what it is.  Great beer selection and fantastic burgers.  We usually sit at the bar.  The bartenders and staff are very friendly and layed-back.  If your going for low-cal, low-carb, not your place.|0|0|0
8S7RKI8swuq8V-4ZN9cDvQ|AN3yOe41hxct40U-_V2aXA|3|Pretty great! Always load up the burritos! They also have the brown rice which is nice. Exterior is elegant but then again it is New England. Wish there were more tables though - more of a grab and go place and not the best for having a relaxed meal|0|1|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|jKLeHqcwR2sPgjlSE1cmJQ|5|Awesome falafels here and they offer a good number of toppings (included in the price). They have a great system and get you in and out pretty quickly even when the line is out the door (which is often). There isn't a ton of seating but I always seem to find one. I like to sit at the counter against the window and people watch.|0|0|0
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|6tvy0OHHKNWSJIQjeRNNRw|4|I remember I had a life in Providence before United BBQ, but I was at least two sizes slimmer and a lot more morose. How dare this place be so delectable?United BBQ is a tiny joint on Ives Street and it has quite an extensive menu. My favorite foods to eat here are the pulled chicken sandwich with house-made potato chips, the smoked hot wings with sweet-hot sauce and the mashed potatoes. Not that I'm a hot wing connoisseur, but the hot wings are probably the best I've had in my life: the chicken is moist; the sauce is tangy and not too fiery; they give you ample sauce so that it pools in the reservoir of the dish and you can double dip your meat. When you're done, you'll really make use of that wet nap! I once had a potato boat here--a baked potato slathered in BBQ sauce and shredded chicken--and I found the spud to be quite dry. I won't be ordering that dish again.Not long ago I was a confirmed vegetarian, and I have sampled the vegetarian and vegan fare here. The BBQ seitan sandwich is the perfect vehicle for gobs of delicious BBQ sauce. BBQ is not a commonly "veganized" food, so whenever I have vegan pals in town I bring them here and see their eyes widen at the menu. It's not just a novelty thing either--it's really delicious vegan food.|5|2|2
it9mZRfzo9DsFmddSESLbw|2TZDwJQGYcV7kv-EqszjUw|1|I ordered from this place not too long ago and when I went to pick up my order, I barely had a place to stand. Two couples were in front of me so I had no choice but to stand next to someone dining. Really uncomfortable. Also, I think their young son (12 or 13 years old?) was working there and he looked SO SULLEN and BITTER that I wondered if I should still order my food because later that night I became violently ill. The other person with whom I shared my order with was not affected. Not sure how clean this place is so I won't be going back again.|1|0|0
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|Dz9SC3EWncE6LHKG82feWA|4|Wow, this place is sooooo good!Three things I love about Ten:1, The atmosphere. It's such a beautiful spot. Walking into Ten feels like you've escaped to NYC or Boston. There's always a good crowd with a great mix of people.2, The food. Their seafood is amazing. Any sushi fan will rave about their sushi selection (while limited, it's topnotch). I love the oysters!!! Delicious! yummmm and their happy hour specials are fantastic! 3, Service. I have never had a bad experience. Very attentive and friendly!|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|9367op-xK60le555yFvQ8A|5|I've been going here for quite awhile now. I have to say lots of good things about this quaint coffee shop. I usually get a tea (nice selection), cafe au chocolate ( hot chocolate & coffee), or cappuccino. Yummy stuff. I also enjoy the staff, which is mostly very talkative (unless they are very busy). Oh, and don't get me started on the treats/pastries. My last visit was the hot chocolate and a vegan chocolate chip scone. Don't let the idea of vegan put you off, it was heavenly. I also recommend the red velvet mini cupcakes. I saw in the reviews someone mention about a 1hour limit on tables? Maybe that's certain times of the day because I usually end up there around 6-7pm and stay for over an hour every time; even with 2-3 people. I enjoy that it has the lovely outside porch for those humid evenings. Overall, nice atmosphere, yummy food and coffee (of what I have tried) and it has it's own parking lot. Which the majority of places make you park on the street. The only con is some items can be a bit over priced in my book. But,...not *too* bad.-Tip: For people going on a first date! This is the spot. Sip some coffee, munch a tasty brownie (or share). Then when you are all done, you can wander around Wickenden street to check out the shops or sit on the many benches. It's a nice area to walk and chat. :)|0|0|0
8b76KB-71mOmbZteIGzO6g|kHGgX4e57JBWC3piCTLIxA|1|Are you kidding me?  How can you eat this in all your sobriety?  Things may have changed since I last ate here, but this place is absolutely disgusting.  I ordered 3 slices of pizza.  They were gigantic, sure.  But quantity sometimes, will never make up for quality, especially in the case of Via Via IV.  The tomato sauce was straight from a can.  I just remember it tasting like water, and definitely felt like it (soggy).  And even though the three slices of pizza I ordered were so different from each other, they managed to all taste like water and tomatoes.  I would only eat here because it's the only place open after 2am in all of Providence, but you have to question what you're doing if you're eating after 2am.  It's just not worth it dude, not even if you're getting the munchies.|1|1|1
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|x892A_jsMXLmTTwd_xhTWA|5|I will start this review with this...we were staying in Providence for five nights and we ended up eating Nice Slice four of those nights (plus delicious breakfasts of cold pizza the mornings after). This was not due to the lack of vegan options in Providence, but due to the fact that the food was AMAZING and the staff was even AMAZING-ER! My wife and I had the vegan sausage special (add vegan chikn and foni-roni) the first two nights and the vegan cheesesteak pizza the last two nights. Both were excellant NY style pizzas. The sausage special has their delicious red sauce and the mock sausage and vegan cheese were tasty (as were the Chikn and foni-roni which we added for only $2.00 per topping). The vegan cheesesteak was just as delicious with a ranch sauce, onions, red and green peppers, mushrooms, and the best mock steak I have ever tasted. Plus the crust was thin, crisp, and had a wonderful flavor of its own.The kiddos got the non vegan cheese and said it was one of the best they have ever had. They also loved the red sauce and the crust.Two nights we ate there and two we took it back to the hotel and the staff was super quick and crazy friendly during each visit. We sat outside the two times we stayed and watched all the action on Thayer St which added to the great experience. The two times we got carry out, the friendly staff on the phone quoted 15 minutes and it was always ready when we got there.To sum it up...we ate EIGHT delicious pizzas in 4 nights and had 4 GREAT staff interactions. Plus all of the pizzas are inexpensive for the eight large ny style slices that you get. They also have a great beverage selection. Don't wait...go NOW!|1|1|0
ezfOX2z0EOFH6UOQyrkRpA|x5CMZDlNRZgwpliJy63SIw|5|I dined at Flemings a few years back, it must've been shortly after they opened for business.  I have to say, hands down, one of the best dining experiences I've ever had.  The service: impeccable and professional.  The atomosphere: upscale and classy.  The food: absolutley amazing.  The menu is a la carte which makes your meal very expensive.  I had the North Atlantic Lobster Tails with a side of mashed potatoes: blue cheese, peppercorn and roasted garlic, um... hello?  It doesn't get any better than this people.  There were 4 in my party, when all was said and done and after 3 bottles of French wine at $125 a pop; the bill came close to $900, not including tip.  Needless to say, I won't be coming back here again unless I hit it big with a sugar daddy who wants to spoil me.|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|g0cDgylKX4BR-qKl2NyBTA|2|Not so great for take-out and their prices have gone up, but their portions have gotten smaller.  They had been my favorite Indian restaurant throughout the years but they're slowly transitioning out of my faves.  I have gotten burned naan and watered down chicken for take-out more than once and although I understand and am ok with the rise in price, I do not get the smaller portions.|0|0|0
7oPD0Kg-BEpMzYt-Z9QY2g|SNNqHITC-UJCC-ouNLfxpA|2|Bland food, passable service in a not-as-funky-as-it-should-be location.  Go across the street to Souper Bowl instead.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|gKwbQjTY1SSyjtor4kTCeQ|1|I can see the appeal, however this particular establishment does not execute. The build your own burger in theory is great, pick your own toppings etc but back that up with obscenely loud music and a horrible wait-staff? kind of killed it for me. It all started with me and me date waiting to be seated for about 5 minutes, awkwardly asking each other if we should ask the bartender if we could seat ourselves. Eventually we were seated at a wobbly table right next to the speakers (even though the restaurant was basically empty except the bar.)We both choose to build-a-burger, yay fun! But of course before the burger, beer was in order (weekend =)- I wanted a bud light on draft, the waitress said "no problem" but returned minutes later telling me they were out of that. Out of beer? Yah right, she offered me sam adams (which is ALOT more money) and didn't offer to price match. Blah, anyhow to the food. We waited abit to be served our burgers and fries, a total of about 20 minutes. I even commented "this is probably to long for a medium cooked burger".The food came out stone cold, the fries soggy from sitting there waiting to be picked up. There is no way the kitchen is organized here, either that or they need more/ new wait staff. I will not lie, the flavor of the food was there but come-on, if its not at least room temp I can not enjoy it. Last thing, I always seem to mention on my quick-tips things about parking, its because this annoys me. There is not a dedicated lot or at the very least a comp system to park anywhere within 3 blocks of this place. It costs 8 bucks with "validation" to eat here. If I did not park illegally on the street I would have paid 30 bucks for 2 burgers..... enough said. Not going here again|1|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|rVrsWTJHyUeNOwHmozpGkQ|5|Love the old-school diner atmosphere of this Providence institution. On my most recent trip I sat at the bar and had immediate service even though the place was packed (Sunday at noon). The egg-bacon-cheese sandwich I ordered was divine, absolutely perfect.|2|0|2
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|Dz1oc9aY7Pg_5PWkFDr65A|4|Yeah East Side pockets! This shizzle was the dizzle especially for late night College Kid (JWU) eats. I don't think there was a thing on that menu I didn't try and loooooove!|0|0|0
HhE3mzDy2ScbkyllFYP0cQ|pHXVQ0ypzTd7Jy7qBDOAJw|4|Providence is lacking in bagel awesomeness; I think Bagel Gourmet is the best around. But even more often, I'm here for the OLE!I've heard through the grapevine that the whole bagels/Mexican food odd combo started at the Brook St. location, when the staff would start cooking *themselves* up some burritos for lunch and customers would catch these incredible smells and peek to the back saying, "whoa! Gimme summa dat!!" And so now we have Mexican served on Brook St. and Bagel Gourmet Ole... There is no better burrito to be had outside of an authentic Mexican restaurant - which means this is the BEST for East Side. And they give you the most joyously tangy miracle sauce on the side. Pick up a Providence Phoenix, pull up a side stool and chill for a few - this isn't a Subway-style affair - they nurture that burrito to life so it takes some time. The staff is friendly and cool. I just wish there was more space for seating - I'll only order to-go here.|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|tSKGejZuR8E7OGLckX4-8Q|5|WOW!!!!!!!!!!!! Bacon bleu cheese caramelized onion, odd flavors of San pelligrino like blood orange and grapefruit, and an anti social Japanese fighting fish (blue) - who doesn't like people. Dude on deck deemed him SELFISH. Lots of fish are selfish. The radio!!! The radio: IT. Was killin it. Walked into Girls On Film - they played poison and all sorts of good shit so that was wonderul. Bright lights, lotsa seats. The plain cheese slice was just OK. I was barely paying attention because it was difficult while Nook was all sharing KhLoE KaRdAShiaN stories... He's like "why is this FAT BITCH yelling at us for drinking all her coronas? Who does she think she IS?" BEFORE THE SHOW STARTED. His boy sold that shit. HIS idea. Keeping up with the Kardashians. Anyways, this pizza's bomb - and worth trying an unusual slice cuz they are all mad good.|0|0|0
3Fl9FLuDyOiqXOU8iM2Aqw|AHa6h62dHUog83RXGeKLDA|5|Walking into this place was like walking into a little piece of Europe in Providence, RI. Tastefully decorated, softly lit, and attentive, friendly (but not overbearing) waitstaff. The moroccan tea was fabulous and well-presented. The guy even poured the delicious stuff for me into a double walled tea glass. I was delighted. Not to mention, the tea was reasonably priced and the cafe was relaxing and quiet.|1|1|1
6fz6hlH9LDkZ9jwtwBVOEQ|brRzqigVvTA82aqkC0Ekng|4|I been coming here for a few drinks on Saturdays for almost a year now. Every time, I had a good time. Our regular bar tender is chatty during slow hours. The drinks are good, and if you have no idea what to drink. The bar tender is pretty good on coming up with something.We usually get here around 9'ish and able to get a seat at the bar. around 11 or 11:30 ish things picks up and get busy. The music goes louder and people starts to scream. It's a typical college pre-game hang out for Brown, RISD, and PC. So if you can't deal with young retards, this might not be your place after 11:00. But this place is pretty lively and fun to hangout and relax with a bunch of friends.|0|1|0
pZnk9tKEHrEIHq0NfSzXRA|5pBmHEAe58BHC_Kvngq32w|4|Such an interesting and welcome addition to the PVD culinary/night out scene!The cozy Flan Y Ajo sits in the nook on Westminster where Farmstead once had their satellite.  Uber convenient as a BYOB, with wine-store Eno sharing an adjacent wall.  Super friendly staff make you forgive their lack of seating.  We relaxed up in the window seats - enough room there that we easily shared the pillowed bench with another couple without being on top of one another.  Cute glassware and serving dishes - and the menu just brought me back to my time in Barcelona!  Simple, small and tasty.Remember that Spanish food is not akin to the Atlantic City all you can eat buffet - this is meant to be a continuous snacking.  We enjoyed the traditional tomato bread, a selection of cheeses, and the small octopi (if you don't like tendrils, you will not like this.  I love tendrils and really enjoyed the 4 small creatures surrounded by pieces of garlic-seasoned cool cooked potatoes).We went early (around 6 on a Friday and the 4-bar stools were occupied, but we still had the window seat available) - and I'll be honest, I don't know if I would stick around if I didn't have a seat, but I will definitely follow up to see if this is a stand-worthy establishment.  Lastly, being such a small place they use the latest i-technology for those of us who don't carry cash and only have cards.  A little do-dad hooked up to the phone swipes your card, select the % tip on the screen, sign on the phone screen with your finger tip (haha- leave a tip with your finger tip!), and conveniently get your receipt emailed or texted to you.|4|0|2
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|SfgUvqE8dkfRH13EjcFB-A|5|This is by far my favorite place to eat in Providence, both in terms of deliciousness and getting your money's worth. Aside from East Side Pockets, there's not a lot of options for cheap, good, and healthy? food on College Hill. I usually recommend it to everyone that visits. The lines get super long around lunch time, dinner time, and 11pm, but service is fast and you can get a good filling meal for around $6. Both the falafel and kafta are really really good.|0|0|0
uJA6Perynk-drhKfX5Fh4w|-iLH3Q2Wg4AMrNUXcgvliA|3|I don't really know what you can possibly say about Johnny Rocket's--I mean, it's a chain capitalizing on kitschy americana.  They're not too veg friendly either, and even so the veggie burger here is way overpriced.  Still, I'm giving it an extra star b/c the staff here have always been super nice, and, when I worked at an area non profit offered to host an event for us.|1|0|0
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|pHXVQ0ypzTd7Jy7qBDOAJw|4|When I turn a corner (mostly around Brown campus) and see a truck in a soft yellow hue on the street my heart truly does skip a beat, and I might even do a little happy dance/clap because it means It's Mama Kim's TIME!Food: FlavorFULL Korean food, comforting, generous portions, fun. Always specials to choose from - both new foods and mash-ups of menu items. The bulgogi rocks my world every which way (with the bulgogi plate, bibimbap, or sliders - but Portuguese sweet roll isn't necessary with the already sweet beef, imo.) They are proud of their homemade kimchi, rightfully so - yum! Everything Else They Are Doing Right Which Makes Them GREAT:This is one well run machine. Always cool under pressure, and when it's slow, great to chat with the owner (and sometimes Mama Kim herself) who tells you all about the food and loves to hear your opinions, while feeding you samples! They make it easy for the customer - to track the truck whereabouts (facebook/twitter), to choose food (with descriptions of the Korean dishes), TO PAY (credit card swipey-thing hooked up to an iphone if you're cash-poor), and to eat on the go (paper containers where its suitable and uber-sturdy plastic for the sloppy dishes). Solid napkins would be a nice addition. Gotta say I love the guys' t-shirts that say "Mama's Boy."|1|1|1
1M5pHJqGLL_-t74M37uQ0Q|2QpFcGEeGvCyYtjk5v_9Ng|2|Went here for lunch on a week day and the place was packed with business suits. It is a small intimate place that is nicely decorated. Most staff seemed nice, my waitress looked miserable and didn't apologize once when she messed up our orders. No big deal that she messed them up but you'd think she'd be apologetic. Must have been having a bad day. She definitely was on top of refilling my drink though. I asked her to recommend a 'light' lunch and she suggested their BLT, which I wouldn't think would be light but figured that this hoity toity place must have reinvented it. I was shocked to see my lunch come out with a big side of fries and grease dripping off the bacon. I mean, it is a BLT, I just don't know why she suggested it. Either way it was too much bread not enough BLT. This place isn't for me, but I'd still suggest others give it a shot. Seems like it could be pretty romantic for dinner.|0|0|0
T1fAeUIvj8ZLIoDGFKpIsw|PaZe9gElkRplcWHX30_Skw|2|Overpriced, greasy, small-portions, under-seasoned (in terms of spices) and, well, disappointing. I had some hope for this place, after eating Fuji Chen at Providence Place. I was wrong. Iron Wok delivers stereotypical Americanized Chinese food but worse. Ordered the Beef and Broccoli: Tasteless and swimming in oil. $11.90. Really? It's understandable that Rhode Island may not be a mecca for ethnic cuisine; however, if a restaurant touts itself as one of City Search's top Chinese eateries, it's got to deliver. Felt cheated of what should have been a mediocre dinner.Won't be coming back.|1|0|0
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|20BB6rPnZqog5ID6R-_pYw|2|Pretty boring. I had the steamed vegetarian dumplings and they were mushy and transparent. I didn't like 'em at all and I have low standards.Not really a fair comp, but I prefer the Shanghai in nearby Attleboro, MA.|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|uUh_q6rVMhKxwt0eaiphRg|3|I bought the Groupon for a box of their cupcakes, so this review is based soley on those.  I can't vouch for any of the other food or table service.We stopped in this past Saturday for a box of 4 cupcakes.  I hadn't printed my Groupon on paper, so I was going to give the mobile Groupon app a shot.  They don't have any way of scanning the barcode, but the girl at the counter said she could just write down the number and that should suffice... so that was cool of her to do for us.We picked out 4 cupcakes: red velvet, mint brownie, peanut butter truffle, and banana nutella.  The red velvet was decent.  I've been on a bit of a mission to find the perfect red velvet cupcake, and I don't think I've quite found it yet.  The cake was a bit too dry, and I'm under the impression that red velvet is supposed to be super moist.  The cream cheese frosting was quite yummy, though!  My boyfriend got the brownie mint, which I tired a bite of, and it was really yummy!  There was a York peppermint patty baked into the cake part, yum!  The peanut butter truffle one was also his, which I also sampled, and wasn't too impressed.  Again, the cake was a bit too dry.  My favorite was the banana nutella.  It was basically a banana bread cake with globs of nutella baked in.  Fantastic!  So, in conclusion, the cupcakes that had some form of liquid baked into the cake were very good... the ones with just plain cake were a bit too dry for my taste.  Overall, I was pleased with my experience and would certainly not turn down a cupcake from there!  Sure beats the supermarket bakery!|0|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|Lm8PsCDKbbTjkPtxGPge4A|1|I can't even rate this restaurant as we didn't stay beyond ordering drinks...of which they didn't have most of the beers listed on the menu actually in and several of the wines as well. The "marketplace" where you choose your meats and veg was horrible. There was raw chicken dropped in the mussels and other meats were mixed in as well. The veggies were the same and the lettuce was terribly wilted. We took one look at the food and couldn't imagine eating it! I should also mention that the floor was so gross my shoes stuck to it as I walked. Save your money and your health...don't go here!|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|wM3CIcnrbz4g10Dd-1Jzlw|3|Pizza - Yay!!!!!!Service - BOOOOOOO!!!!!I have been coming here for years and will continue to do so since they turn out great pizza.  But the service is just so rude and unnecessary.  They seriously need to drop the attitude.  You're not that cool - you grab the pizza slices I point to and then put them in a box.  A monkey could do your job.  If the attitude comes for you being unhappy with the job then you should just quit.|2|0|0
YwHAVxQyHC3NekG8wUTtew|lP6X0JEsFT_I4lSTyi4HyA|3|Fairly priced.Karaoke Thursday nights. That is all I know about this place.. or all I can remember ....the drinks were strong lol|0|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|gVFxZMcuG_Tal2_TnpmUPg|5|Some other reviewers have said that you should share their cookies because they're so big. Let me tell you, if you try to 'share' my cookie, I will 'share' my fork with the back of your hand. Especially if you get them fresh out of the oven - yes, they are baked in-house! - those cookies are PHENOMENAL. Peanut butter, gingerbread, snickerdoodle, double chocolate, oatmeal raisin...!The sandwiches, like the cookies, are both enormous and very, very good. All the ingredients are top-quality: the bread and cheese are even local. The vegetables are crunchy. The meats are perfect. The cheeses are used liberally. Fortunately, because they're huge, they're as good the second day as the first. I would recommend the pizza sandwich and the curried chicken salad. I cannot say enough good things about either one, especially the chicken salad. Full of pieces of fresh, real, perfect white chicken, lush raisins, smooth and tangy curry, and little bits of shaved coconut to make it perfect.... just writing this review has me drooling for one.In addition to sandwiches and cookies, they also have soups, salads, and full dinners. (salmon that goo for that price? WHOA.) There's a whole case full of cakes and pies - sadly the only thing they do not make themselves, but of a comparable quality and serving size to the rest of the menu. Pro tip? They're BYOB, and the liquor store is DOWNSTAIRS.|0|1|0
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|VycOcm8m07dnA5rZQUCu7g|4|My husband and I love Angkor. They are very convenient, fast and fresh.  They will make things adequately spicy for my taste, which is more than can be said for many Providence restaurants, sadly!My issues are 3-fold:1) I wish they had more fresh fish options. 2) Their banh hoi is not served with adequate letttuce on the side for wrapping, and is also lacking the fresh bean sprouts and basil on the side. 3) I wish they would replace the styrofoam containers for takeout. Beyond the environmental concern, there is an issue of practicality. The hot food often burns through the styrofoam, causing it to leak! This is not fun for anyone.|2|1|0
IL96KSxK3ov1m-1WQV8MLQ|O7q30MVJfD6_WtFPCGK_RQ|3|After reading/hearing several raving reviews about this, I decided to check out this gem on a Sunday afternoon. This coffee shop is truly a perfect fit in downtown Providence on Westminster St. It has nice decor, high ceiling, cute and catchy sign and a complete variety of coffee, food and dessert. I didn't get to try the food or dessert, just coffee. My first impression of the place was everyone has his/her laptop sitting by the window and I felt bad that I just wanted to chat all day long with my husband (poor thing). But talking at a normal volume didn't seem to make people turn heads or stare me down. So ladies, feel free to get a table and talk away.I ordered a Chai Latte but they "ran out". I asked how long it would take to make one they said 5... 10... 15 minutes... (with an annoyed face like really, did you really want me to make that for you?) Since they didn't say no but offered to make a new pot, I decided to wait for them to brew a new pot. After my anxious 15 minute wait, I sadly found the Chai Latte to be watery. I didn't ask for skim milk but maybe because it was a fresh pot, it wasn't "brewed and stewed" as long as they would like. Really, it wouldn't hurt my feelings if you said "we don't have chai latte anymore" and I would order something else. But when you commit to making it, I expect it to be good! Maybe I caught the staff during a late Sunday afternoon but they looked like they had a long day and had already checked out.Parking is very tough around there. I circled around the block 2-3 times to find a parking spot. If you run out of patience quickly like me, consider parking your car few blocks away and walk over to Westminster. I will certainly go back when I'm around the area... or when I'm lucky with a golden parking spot on Westminster St...|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|1k6dVLySyEQP-YTNkja7qw|3|I actually have the benifit of two visits to Kabob & Curry on Thayer st in providence to report to you. The first time i went was this past weekend, and i guess it was at lunch time. they had a great menu, and good combos. unfortunately, there were a few really good looking dishes which contain cashews. i'm allergic to cashews. :( they had the option of combos, you could get a meat dish plus a veggie dish or 2 veggie dishes, and rice or naan. We all took that. I got a bhindi dish and also saag paneer. MMM i love spinach. they were both really good and all the dishes came with lots of food. no one had anything bad to say about their dishes. we also had mango lassis, which were good, though not the best ive had. the price was very affordable..i adore indian food, so jesse and i stopped in yesterday again. we thought, we've already been here and know it's good so it's a sure thing. the menu had changed! i have to assume this was the dinner menu. the prices had gone up a little bit and the portions went down. there were no more combos, you have to stick with just one thing, which is dissapointing. you don't get a choice of naan, you have to order that seperately if you want it. and you only get one rice between two people. the actual dishes were only half as much food as we got before. i wasn't that hungry, due to my lack of being able to go to the gym, but poor jesse was left still wanting more food when we left. my chicken korma was good, but not great, but the lamb vindaloo was really delicious. we did hear people at another table complaining over the menu change as well.this restaurant lets you sit inside, as we did the first time, or outside, as we did the second. the service is good and it has a nice atmosphere. however, if you go, get there before 4. you'll get more food, better variety, and a better price.|1|0|0
87h9WI6h9cjNHxQd0FizBA|YskXjIzH-ZUihX-zpDVQgA|4|Had brunch on Saturday.  We started with a Passion Fruit Mimosa and a Blood orange Mimosa.  So good,  so decadent.  I had the Lobster & Mushroom Crepe in Madeira sauce.  Delicious.  My Husband had the rue BLT.  The bacon was crisp, the bread lightly mayo'ed so it wasn't soggy.  Overall,  a wonderful and unusual BLT.  We split the Strawberry Rhubarb Pie  for dessert.  Great filling but the crust was a little thick for my taste.  Enjoyed it so much, we went back Sunday.  I had the lemon crepes with real maple syrup and a side of the applewood bacon, both were wonderful.  My Husband had  scrambled eggs with pastrami.  He said they were excellent.  We had the french press coffee which was delicious,  and they provide an egg timer so the coffee is timed perfectly.  These are people who know and love food.|0|0|0
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|seoDhKRxvNA6UmsOGFQt0Q|3|The English Cellar is one of those places that seems cooler than it actually is.  It has a good location (right off of Thayer) which is a short walking distance from my apartment.  It has a decent beer selection (boasting 200 plus beers, although only about 8-10 on draft).  On the other hand, on the weekend evenings, when all the college kids are out partying, it gets loud, boisterous (and not in the good way). I don't mind a place being loud because of people having a good time or if there is a good live band playing.  I do, however, mind when the management is playing crappy 90s rap music so loud you can't have a conversation with the person right next to you.  There was table service in the bar, but our waitress never came back after stating she would give us a few minutes to look over the beer menu.  The person busing our tables was rude in a non verbal way.  The beer is also pretty expensive, but I excpected that at an establishment aimed at wealthy college kids. I will probably be back because it is convenient and they are open until 2am, but it is definitely not the prime choice if you are looking for a real English pub or to have a conversation with friends.  If you are looking for a place to drink expensive beers and watch college kids get hammered, then you are in luck.  I am giving the Cellar three stars instead of two only because both times I have gone have been on weekend nights and I do believe I would have had a different experience on a quieter night.  They also get an extra star for a great beer selection and the fact that the manager is very friendly.|0|0|0
2fTayx8rmxVAz23BSVH1aA|L7IYh31ATB_wn-ZyZBbPjg|4|A five minute trot from work, delicious wraps, and a super pleasant staff, well, Rue-Bis has proven to be a pretty great place to get my lunch on.The Chicken Caesar wrap isn't anything out of the ordinary, but it's fresh and crisp, and tastes just the way you'd hope for it to. The Rue Wrap is awesome! Crispy bacon, grilled chicken, fresh lettuce, slices of yummy tomato, and Swiss cheese.It's a killer combination and I'd recommend it to anyone who happens to be feeling a little meaty. Food wise, the only thing I'm not a fan of is the fries. They've always been a little floppy and greasy. I would just grab a bag of chips instead. I don't remember the brand they carry, it may or may not be local, but whatever they are, they're baked and delicious.Again, super, super service. The folks working there are all smiles and understanding. I've never had a bad experience and I have an even harder time imagining it even possible. Great atmosphere! Rue-Bis has made my mouth such a happy place.|1|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|kxXd2El7B4GTf97OILggWw|4|Had to re-review, because now I am a fan. I got a different burger, and it was delicious! Also their ice cream sandwich is awesome, I highly reccomend it. Service is whatever, I suppose and upgrade from last time I reviewed. I say give this place a shot, it's pretty charming.|1|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|IGIysxLGivyIV8yNk1LR4Q|5|OMG!!!!!!If I die tomorrow, I will eat Al Forno tonight!!We went to this place when I was at Providence visiting my sister. The desire to eat good food runs in our family so we were on a quest to find the best dinner for the night. We've been reading good reviews for this place for some time so we headed there. If you are a New Yorker visiting Providence, don't try to walk here. I tried it and had to cross a highway, tread through mud, and felt very unsafe. All the cabbies in Providence know Al Forno. They have a nice seating area with huge skylights cozy setting with candle lights. They also have seating on the side with a bar and larger tables upstairs. Now.. on to the food~Grilled Pizza!!! So good! Very thin yet crusty. Did not get soggy at all even after a while. I like the scallion they put on top of the margarita pizza. Roasted duckbreast!!! So tender and juicy!! The hoisin sauce glaze and kumquat marmalade was perfect!! Banana mascarpone tarte!!! This is a dessert made from heaven!! Perfect sweetness and creaminess and the tart was oh so buttery~ You have to order all your desserts when you order the entree so they have enough time to make you dessert from scratch. This restaurant makes you long for more even as you are eating it!! After I was done with the whole meal, I was wishing to rewind time so that I can relive the entire meal!! YUM!!!|3|1|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|Uyho0s3bQYDIJBAMmJ3qFg|3|The food is great. Get the braised lamb shank and I hate to say it.... But eat the fat too....(just adod a couple of miles to your next run).  Our waitress was lame. I like my food snobs medium rare and this one was well done.  Won't deter me from going again ....|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|Vw3-70Y27b9te2PaBz3pUg|5|I have been waiting-- literally-- a decade for ethiopian food in Providence.  My first visit (their first week open) was good-- they were still importing injera from Boston, service was shaky and the portions confusing.  However, I just had a WONDERFUL meal there today.  Lunch is a really good bargain, the injera was fresh, thick and tasty and the portions were perfect.  I also missed out on the beloved hot towels for first visit there, so I was delighted to have them arrive this time around.  Really, I will be a frequent visitor for sure.  THANK YOU to the owners for going out on a limb-- deep bow of appreciation.  YUM!!!!!  Affordable, wonderful.  :-)|1|0|1
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|3EPoG_xGsFhnynClfeGMrw|1|I went here twice during the Thanksgiving holiday.  The first time, the coffee tasted like it had gasoline in it.  Truly undrinkable.  I had the oatmeal and it was fine but nothing to write home about.The guests I was staying with suggested we go back and give it a second chance.  Egg dishes all around.  You certainly could put the food in the 2 to 3 star catagory.  Coffee was better but tasted like it was from a grocery store can.The place is very tight so be prepared to be friends with the people to side and you have to get up to let the people behind you in or out as the back of the chairs touch sitting down.Icing on the cake - we had spent around $50 for 4 people, paid our bill and was finishing our coffee (not sure why).  The watress came over and ASKED US TO LEAVE!  We had not stayed excessively long or had computers out.  One of my cardinal sins.Never again - don't bother!|1|0|0
3Fl9FLuDyOiqXOU8iM2Aqw|VqSFTE5f-mDzoLeXS-16xw|4|Thanks for the suggestion.  Just as most of the reviews have stated Tea in Sahara is the place to go to get away from the fighting over tables that happens at some of the other coffee/tea shops in the area.  The afternoon I went was only shared by about 4 other tables of people - great company for getting work done.  What I love about this place is the vibe. I got to sit at a table that was lit by a hanging decorated light and provided a great view of the street.  The other table options included a banquet, one behind the banquet (for extra privacy), or some couches in the back room.  The whole place stayed in the Moroccan theme with candles, vases, lights, a screen, and some wall hangings.The Moroccan mint tea was very good - not too sweet. I loved getting it in the pot, though I do have to say that for a large, there wasn't all that much tea, and it was a little pricey.  I am interested to try the hummus, but I will have to save that for the next visit, and I think there will definitely be a next visit. Especially since they're open till 11pm - yep, I said 11pm.  That is unheard of for coffee/tea shops in this area.  I'm guessing this is for the hookah customers, so I would be interested to see how the clientele changes as the night goes on.  Up until 6pm it was pretty quiet, so I'm happy about that.|2|0|1
w3p6mz0m1b-jPm26weDabQ|3xFGPEzgK-WNlYnO2QOzdQ|5|The food is excellent ....run by an Armenian family......There's one problem the owner is cool.....try the Portuguese Pancakes (BOLOS) or the Portuguese Sweet Bread....and Portuguese ground Chourico..... Amy makes homemade chili.....Her mom makes the best corn bread......Her Grandmother makes homemade soups....Ari is beautiful.....and a hard worker.......go there.....5 stars......Note:  you can catch wifi near the front windows or outside the cafe........|2|0|2
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|kclidYtG1l1qpHpfIlrttQ|2|Annoying.  Snotty, aloof hostess told us that the brunch buffet had just ended and we weren't allowed to partake, even though the entire setup remained for all to see & the chafing dishes were FULL of food.  We were seated near the bar where an uncommonly loud group of Mediterranean types were drinking heartily and occasionally screaming for no apparent reason.  The menu is extremely limited and non-creative - and a bit pricey for what you get.  When you add up the decor, the service, the food, etc., you get a restaurant that thinks it's way better than it is.|0|0|1
PUcbOM5EdCijAhFN9GAtBw|2XRPWoW6I9jnHzRh9hhqWA|4|I was surprised to see so many average or bad reviews. I ate there last night with my fiance. I had a groupon so we were able to try a few things with out spending to much.  We split a caprese salad, Asian wings, and the Quattro mushroom pizza. I'd get the quattro pizza again for sure,. The salad was large enough to split, excellent quality ingredients, and the balsamic vinagrette/reduction was perfect. Wings were middle of the road. Tasty but not mind blowing, admittedly I'm a wing snob so my expectations are usually far above and beyond most others. In the end everything was very good. The service was excellent as well, both guys behind the counter were extremely attentive and checked in on us two or three times, but most importantly at appropriate times, which is a lost art in the service industry these days. We just moved to the summit neighborhood and we definitely plan on coming back often. Only negative was no bathroom or wet naps. Sticky Asian wing sauce as expected got everywhere, comes with the territory of eating wings but it eventually turns to glue with your napkin. Take that out of the equation and I'd probably give it 5 stars. Give it a try, dint let a 1 star rating about delivery issues from someone that admittedly lives 3 minutes away(looking at you leslie n.) sway you in the wrong direction.|0|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|1JIw_n2nfVlteIpz6gRv6A|5|This is one of my favorite spots.  Service is always great and food is awesome.Last time we went was a group of us, we sat and drank the towers of margaritas....of course everything after a 64 oz. tower of margaritas is going to be awesome..hahaI always default to a special they have going on.  Last time I got this seafood steamer one and it was perfect!|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|bA15aH0ZqnE-ov-JwL2qvQ|1|Don't know what I ate here after the 1st time I went.  Why go here when you can get OUTSTANDING food right down the road at Tini foodbar, that place takes food to a whole different level.  For what you're paying...not worth it at 121.  Plus...there was a dish with fresh corn??and this place uses local food??...corn isn't in season.|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|Wb3lr1zYbESrUqpnDqcc_g|4|Wow this was good.  Very low key ambiance.  We didn't have a wait but the place sure wasn't empty.  Be sure to bring some wine or beers as they're BYOB if you're so inclined.Honestly I had no idea what to order as I had never eaten Ethiopian food.  Luckily, they make it easy with their combination plates.  We both got Meat Combos with slight variations.  Now, they made a mistake when they brought our food, but it was in our favor.  We had both ordered meat combos for one, but they brought us 2 meat combos for 2.  And we had orderd an appetizer.  I was ready for the challenge, and nearly pulled it off but the hearty beef stew could not be slain.  I LOVED the spicy beef (Key Wot I think is the name?) with cottage cheese to cool down the spice.Try this place!  Dinner for 2 was less than $40 and it was fantastic!|8|3|4
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|_QxrpsHg8E1oXAT33-fAlA|2|so  we  went excited to try the vegan options  and ordered the samplerfor  two.  We found the presentation excellent , the server was very nice and pleasant. At first it has some interesting and tasty flavors , but asone gets further into the dish , you begin to see , taste and feel the amazing amount of oil or ghee , not sure which. So , sitting here 3 hours later and fighting my stomachs urge to try andfind something ...anything to do with all that oil  , much to my regret i could never eat there again. Creating tasty vegan food is easy with loads of oil. I'm sure they will do very well and wish them the best , but ...just can't do it. Better to save it for bio fuel.|1|1|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|zqma43CENEfE2VKXb9lelA|2|Really bad service! Waited 30 minutes just for another drink, meaning my cup was empty for over 30 minutes. I've never been a waiter or anything, but I'm guessing rule #1 is something like make sure cups always are half way full. Good place to have a get together as long as it's not on a busy night, but honestly I will go elsewhere than this place.|1|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|7OPaRkoUd0TcAvkJWBZqtw|5|Discovered the place while wandering around before a show at Lupo's. Great coffee. Professional Barista who knew coffee and all the different brewing processes they use. And she seemed to really enjoy her job. Mellow place with a beautiful wide open and comfortable airy feel. Loved the design. Desserts were great too. I did not eat a meal or off the menu but the food looked creative and reasonably priced. Will definitely go back.|0|0|0
QNU9hn3bg_HF6v6UndA6wQ|vdf8jJvwqOcJ4YzKGkuPCA|2|In the interest of full disclosure I need to say that I went to Waterplace for lunch on a Sunday so that may have contributed to my sub-par experience.With that said... I don't plan on returning anytime soon.I had lunch with 5 other people at Waterplace this past Sunday, the place was empty besides us.  The overall experience wasn't awful but it wasn't very good either.  Let's start with the positives.  Good location, decent view, calamari was awesome.  Now onto the not-so-positive aspects.  Waitress was inept: at one point walked away before everyone had ordered, didn't come back for 10 minutes; brought out the food in the wrong order, gave most of us the wrong dishes.  The restaurant definitely needs some TLC: the booth cushions were ripped and had been duct taped over (classy), the tablecloth was torn/worn in several spots; no hostess was present so I had to wander around to find my party; polenta fries were too crispy and bland; grilled tofu was not marinated so it was mostly tasteless much with a tiny bit of sauce on top; food was overall only ok.So, was it the worst restaurant experience I've had in Providence?  No.  Was it good enough to go back anytime soon?  No.|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|Kt4WsypOoIK4tI75N1t1Gw|5|Absolutely fa-boo-lus. Being a vegetarian, I am always a little hesitant about the selections (not being a fan of the portabello). That being said, although the vegetarian selection was slim, the pasta dish I had was wonderful. Fresh pasta with fresh veggies. YUM! As for dessert- the ice cream sandwich was fun! Corn infused ice cream? With a chocolate, pepper cookie? C'mon now! It rocked! So not what you are expecting, but good all the same. My husband had the scallops and was equally impressed, both with the taste and size of the portion.|0|0|1
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|5mcQhUGDfo71Dlh8sDZP9w|5|Thee Red Fez has become my favorite bar/restaurant in Providence. the downstairs restaurant portion is classy/artsy, and the upstairs bar is funky/divey. Don't let the college students fool you, the real personality of this bar is an extension of the old One Up... it's where old punks go to die.For those of us who have become all fancified, we can get some sort of healthy salad and expensive martinis. For those of us that just got old and fat, we can get $2 schlitz tallboys and poutine with a fried egg on it. I'll let you guess which category I fall into.|5|1|3
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|ylzB8K0gWgFotyRtlDv_7A|4|Went there for late lunch/early dinner around 4pm. It wasnt busy at all, We got seated right away. Service was good and fast. We enjoyed our time. My friend had the Beef Carpaccio and the other one had the mussels in red sauce (they are available in white too).I, myself had the littlenecks they cooked with dry vermouth. Oh my God. So so so yummy.The other appetizers were good too but mine was the best! Hmm all entree came with mashed potato, they were a little bland.. But my lambshank was good, fall of the bone tender.Balsamico chicken is notbad and their fish dish are awesome.3 people, overall 145$Happy, full, satisfied people that is. Will be coming back.|0|0|0
GLdIHOP5VUCdgAiuQnKmPA|ReSxBu5ov_boC_uekj-gJw|4|It's actually been a few years since I was here last, but Inow 've been in a few times over the last 3 weeks and thoroughly enjoyed myself every time.  I have been coming to South Street on either a Friday or Saturday night on and off for over 10 years.  It is the perfect pre-club spot to chill and have a some drinks.  The music is chill and downtempo usually...lots of old school and R&B off the jukebox...the bartenders are very nice and mix some good stiff drinks. =)  They also have flat screen tvs to watch the seasonal sporting events (ie: Sox games!).  Unfortunately, I've never actually had the food here, but I've seen many, many patrons thoroughly enjoy their food!  I've been told by several ppl that the chicken wings are great!  Get here early if you want a table though.  Note to the fellas....never ever try to pick up on a woman suckin the marrow outta some chicken wings.  Tacky.Thanks South Street for the good times and the memories. =)|3|4|3
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|PqEMzxn_7OHpqpwr0bXYkA|3|I can't say that I share the general public's apparently unmitigated love for East Side Pocket. It's decent Mediterranean and Middle Eastern food served fast. Nothing more, nothing less. The salad with tabbouleh that I had during my first visit was pretty disappointing, but subsequent visits have turned me on to their gyros (even if the lamb meat inside is somewhat suspect), Syrian bread, and hummus. It's undoubtedly Thayer Street's best bet for this sort of cuisine (their falafel beats that of Providence Byblos any day), but not my first choice for a meal on this side of town.|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|Sq7mHMC2c5FL2jY1ttAbnA|4|Recently tried Abyssinia.  I was very pleased.  The place is small, but the food is authentic and service warm and attentive. Tried 2 big combo platters to see what was best.  Standouts were spicy chicken and beef, although  agree with comments about stingy chicken portion.  Lentil dishes are also excellent. BYOB always nice.  Looking forward to returning.|0|0|0
1-WF9A4i-0fI8XxCFbqrTA|w0GFupdjOgl_DlLBYzlfcw|4|Rick's makes some of the best BBQ in the state, with well cooked meats prepared with a variety of flavorful sauces.  Their sides are well proportioned and varied.  They make killer drinks (try to the Jalapeno Maragarita, but get a second drink to cool down your tongue).  We have been here on date night and with the kids.  Service is always prompt and friendly.  My only advice is to avoid the "Wings from Hell"...I like hot food, but these left chemical burns on my fingers - and that's a bit hot even for me :-)|1|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|IiB5ckmtp3-Il1B8iriMeA|4|Kabob and Curry has become one of my family's standard restaurants to eat at in Providence.  With all the interesting restaurants in the area, we usually like to try a different one each time we're in town visiting my sister, but when we're too lazy or hungry to decide on a new place, we'll go to Kabob and Curry.  The food is reliably good...it's not the most amazing curry I've ever had, but it's good enough that I know I'll be satisfied and full by the end of the meal.  The waiters here are always very friendly and attentive, which is an added plus.|0|0|0
8WGDqkmiwlq50SRIcB_X6w|46Yv-Uy6Z3mJdPlFDOmVyA|5|Cute little place. Makes it's home where King's To Go and Wings To Go used to be - right across the street from the Fox Point Library. Their menu is varied - they a little something for everyone - vegetarians, vegan, GF, or even your established carnivore.The Portabella open-faced sandwich was extravagant - I can hardly bring myself to order anything else.The folks here were lovely and McCurdy's is a great addition to Ives Street.|5|1|5
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|seoDhKRxvNA6UmsOGFQt0Q|4|Fellini's is a great place to grab a slice before a night out of beer drinking on Wickenden.  They have a decent selection of meat and vegetarian pizza options.  I enjoyed the pesto and tomato slice I had, which was a little greasy, but a lot delicious. As others have said, the pizza runs a little pricey, but in my mind it was worth it.  I found the staff to be friendly and helpful.  They didn't seem too annoyed when I asked them to tell me what all the different kinds of pizzas they had laid out were.  I will most certainly be back to Fellini's again when I am back in the area and am in the mood for a nice slice|0|0|1
QadrDmx4k6Tl7QDz4fAWdg|xnFDA8Ps2mb2lKc65m5CHg|5|Innovative coffee shop.  Brewing methods reach beyond drip and espresso to cold brew and aeropress.  Plenty of seating.  Excellent baked goods.|1|0|0
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|8EO5gYK2Jl6nhXzGRk_DKQ|5|this place hits the spot every time. i've never been disappointed with the quality of their pizza.|0|0|0
6fz6hlH9LDkZ9jwtwBVOEQ|LgTQHEtSI42z474OF4FbuA|2|Hit or miss. If you can get a table outside it's worth it for the beer tubes which aren't too pricy. On busy nights, for some reason they think its a good idea to blast their speakers indoors at an ungodly level. I like my music loud but this is ridiculous. I've had to fake my way through multiple conversations because I couldn't hear a thing and was sick of screaming "WHAT?" The food is pretty bland except for the simple stuff. I go every now and then but only for beers, and only if we can get a table outside.|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|XKNTdLf6QEDk5mSu1oKQ4w|4|My friend and I went on a Sunday for afternoon tea. I was a little nervous after reading all the bad reviews and having such high hopes for a cute alice in wonderland style tea bar! Afternoon tea was $19, came with a pot of tea, and a tray of mini tea sandwiches, and treats... just enough for two ppl. Everything was delicious! I have to agree that the waitstaff, while not rude, was not great. I paid with a credit card along with the two tables along side me and when the waitress came back she returned to me someone else's credit card. eeek. I didn't even touch the card and immediately told her. She had to make sure that she charged me the correct amount which she did, thankfully. As soon as I said "this isn't my card!" the two other tables perked right up and watched her nervously lol. Ok, so the waitstaff isn't top notch, but they weren't rude either as other posters have pointed out. It's a really cute place. I'd definitely go back... but maybe pay with cash next time ;)|0|0|0
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|tTilu3fgu4b0CUBI2F_EXg|4|this place is just a great place to relax and unwind when you're starving at 12AM. great pizza and it reminds you of a pizza parlor in NYC as Sinnae C stated. the prices are reasonable and service is fast. the people their are friendly.i do have a problem with their bathroom though, the last time i went in their it was filthy and the floor was wet do to some overflowing of the toilet. eeww!|0|1|0
AKfHinPZ5vdPdHRzpvSWtw|ggoVPdAN6yGpaMkkZqSsMg|2|As a Korean food lover, I was ready to love this place even before it was opened; this is basically the only Korean food place where you can walk to from where I live.I know how a proper Korean food should taste like, and the food was 'alright'.  Sidedish is nothing to be excited about, as they served two broccoli, bit of kimchi and bit of pickled radish in very small portion for side dish. You can ask for more, but they just serve very little and its nothing to be excited about at all. Bibimbab and garlic chicken was alrgiht. But the rice bowl that came along with chicken was containing about half amount of what its could hold, and it ran out very quickly. I don't know if they can refill your rice bowl or not; what bugged me is that I just couldn't help but to think that they are trying to serve less than they should be serving. Bulgogi pot broth tasted very diluted, and putting extra soy sauce couldn't help it at all. It just had too much water in it from the beginning, and was very bland.  For price range, most of the prices are uncomfortable for the amount and quality of the food, if you are a college student.As for service, the people who are working were very kind - however they were full of mistakes. They gave our table to someone behind us by mistake (our groups had same number of people), and had us to wait about 15min longer than we should. They also got our order wrong, serving bulgogi instead of bulgogi pot. We were also told that one of the menu ran out after waiting for a while. (one of the older lady who works there pushed me away as she was walking by, without saying sorry. But I'm going to guess that she was too shy...)I was so excited about this place ever since I heard about Sura opening a new place in downtown Providence. I know that they just opened and they must be trying hard to get things on track. I haven't given up on them yet, and I really do hope that I will have more satisfying experience next time I go there. I'm ready to change the number of stars after I see improvement.|2|0|0
-_FvwOM3_wku2zHiLjibgg|ss-IQASyH-N_MHTdWcmEPA|5|A beautiful evening. The food, service & location was fantastic! It's my favorite upscale restaurant in the city. My experience was a 10 out of 10. On a waterfire night we arrived with only a few minutes to spare for a drink at the bar which was elbow to elbow but I expected that, (waterfire night)  My usual, cape cod was made perfect & before the 3rd sip we were being shown to our table. We had a table outside over looking the canal for a night of breathtaking views of the city & waterfire. I enjoyed chilled oysters for an app &  the lobster special for my entree was delish. The wine list is vast & truly a delight. The lemon chiffon cheesecake was decadent!|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|iBnD3MCI6kOIoSZrBq2v_Q|4|I'm also a vegan and this place owns.  Tasty NY style pizza at a decent price.  They have TONS of varieties of beverages available.|1|0|0
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|F7IRykjMFSBbM2V0odAwxQ|4|Tried the pork kimchi for the first time the other day. The truck wasn't too busy and the  service was great. Prices are fair for the portion. Not surprised it's so popular with students.|0|0|0
dQfvxeuNNqku7mozkk4Y3w|Up0qlOHfNj57b3RtTEGA-A|3|There is nothing better for late night snacks post Lupos show. The cheese fries and chili cheese dogs are a good choice. Outside seating the summer is great.|0|0|0
Wd9p_AlZTnN6pBHmT9YemQ|E98ZCNrti4kwHnJkwFX4yw|5|I'm going to keep this review brief, like my other reviews. My bf and I enjoyed this place very much.  We ordered the sushi deluxe and it was very fresh, delicious, decadent, and probably the best sushi we've had in a long time.  My only gripes is that the limes wedges seemed a bit old and there wasn't much juice in it.  The service was great - we had an Asian waiter who was funny, and very friendly.  Valet service was good too. Drinks were strong and good. The atmosphere was great.  There was live jazz music which was a great added touch.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|5rJudE9z71ICHYxLqLKMHQ|4|Make your own burger, all the trimmings, EVERYTHING. Worth the price of admission. The bartender was great too and chatted us up while we were there. The atmosphere is great, especially on the slower nights. When it's busy it can be a bit overwhelming.|1|0|0
2wu_RvBn3QYANniI6oD4pA|FWlT0UXhmVIHxNfQ6A95Tw|3|Cafe Noir has potential. I went here on a fall weekend with my girlfriend, on a recommendation of my friend. We started our evening with apps, she with the french onion soup and myself with the duck liver mousse (onion marmalade and grilled bread). The soup was solid, though nothing more than a good french onion at any good pub. My duck liver mousse was very good, light, clean flavors that was a nice start to the meal. Our main courses were the paella (the gf) and the seared duck breast with creamy polenta, grilled patty pan squash and cranberry port reduction for me. My duck was nicely cooked (medium rare) and the polenta was light but slightly over-seasoned. The reduction was pretty good, but the squash was undercooked and tough and totally out of place with the construction of the dish. Now heres the problem....My girlfriend's paella was shockingly overcooked. The shrimp was bone dry, the clams not edible. I didn't realize how bad it was until she gave me a few bites mid meal... and I regret not sending it back. Whether it was poor quality seafood or just improperly treated does not matter...it was a severe disappointment. The girlfriend and I both had nice glasses of wine, and the service throughout the meal was...spotty. Our waitress was helpful and attentive when she was there, but she didn't seem very attune to our needs. We met some nice folks who sat across from us who reported that the service kind of sucks and the best thing there is the pizza and fries. All things considered though, Noir has potential, and I would go back. The prices are good, but it is important to choose your entree's properly, and know that you could run into a few dishes that are not of the highest quality. Give it a shot...|2|0|1
1u5tSUPGO213ZX0WBj0uxQ|o4nAUsN-c9VuQbMBzarGeg|4|I do enjoy the fact that there is hot food, a nice variety and pretty delicious, but not over the top.  Some items aren't accessible, some items, don't seem to be dsiplayed in a way that a "real" market would be.  Obviously the food by the pound and prepared items is what they sell most of.  I love the curried chicken, the seafood salad, the pork and raspberry squares are the best.  My issue with the salad/food bar, is on the weekend they don't put out a lot, many of the items are horribly mislabled, on that point I feel it is a health/allergy/death issue.  I almost ate one item I didn't want to eat,  thank goodness I could see the meat on the tray.  I've put that notice to the cashier, she seemed to be, "its not  my job".  attitude.  The kitchen manager should seriously make sure this ends.  My other issue, predressed salads?  I love ceaser but its dressed and I think that is bad on their part.  All in all, its a good stop to make just before work, reasonable prices, great selection of healthy snack items and just enough to get by if you can't hit wholefoods or other market.|0|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|FXH0V3aHyy1-EIzycMHqDg|4|Love the style of the restaurant. Always eat to much, but everything is usually very good. If you have an allergy let them know and they will cook on a separate grill in the back.If you never been, its a hibachi style restaurant, but you bring it to a central location.Try a burger they are huge but very good.Lunch is much cheaper and different experience. You leave you food and can sit down. Your server will bring it to you. During slow nights I have seen them do the same thing.Dinner has a little more selection as well. But cost more. The Guinness tap taste like the lines need to be cleaned. Not good at all, weird bitter taste. Tried it twice that will be all.|0|0|1
8WGDqkmiwlq50SRIcB_X6w|7vzZW8BCyr-6-DqXebCVkg|3|They are only open on Fridays for lunch and I happen to have lunch there before. The decorating is very homey feeling with the kitchen tables and what not. This establishment is about a year old I believe and it's owned by a family, a man and his son work the kitchen for example. We met the owner and he was very friendly. The restaurant doesn't server alcohol, however, they are a BYOB (bring your own bottle) place!I had a cup of clam chowder and a chicken caesar salad for my meal. The chowder was good, different than what I was used to but it was tasty. The chicken was cooked nicely and I was surprised with the amount of salad I was given, it was quite large. The dressing was 'okay', it wasn't amazing but decent. I would suggest them to either serve less of a amount of salad or different plating. They put the dressing on the side and I made a mess trying to mix it into with my salad. The person I went with ordered a different kind of soup, which they said tasted good and also got a different kind of salad that they absolutely loved. It was the spinach salad. I was surprised when looking at the menu, their sandwiches for example are different than a regular pub style place. It's all homemade cooking, you get open faced turkey sandwiches which sounded very good.|0|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|LwjCmgJoVhji2krgMSfG3g|1|Terrible service. When you enter, they barely notice your presence. They take your order 10 minutes later (even though nobody else is in the restaurant), and then surround your table talking loudly to one another while you eat. This is probably the worst service I've seen anywhere.Oh, and the sushi's pretty mediocre.|1|0|1
ezfOX2z0EOFH6UOQyrkRpA|eCK1nU14cJgKL3L-aJ9r-Q|4|I've only experienced the bar at this time. I went for the $7.00 burger night (before 7:00) and have to say it was the best. Also tried the calamari with the sweet sauce and it was out of this world. Can't wait to go back and try more items. Two thumbs up so far.|0|0|0
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|kReDXaEiF_uVQ9ARsqijqg|5|The food is fantastic as is the decor. A must visit!|0|0|0
dQfvxeuNNqku7mozkk4Y3w|bQt6kIy_PycMJWqZJDTefg|4|What's better then greasy food from a pick up truck after a long night of heavy drinking in the city?  This place was a staple for me in the early college days after a rocking night at the original Lupos.  Its one of the few places where for a moment people from all walks of life could hang out together, get along and have good conversation.  Oh how I miss those days!!|2|0|2
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|hFLmsZUE3PBZOFmoFG7_zA|4|Very good Indian food.  Three of us went and we all enjoyed our dishes.  The meals were reasonably too!|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|9oDwZu4WosvCh5jJYblX8A|4|My friend and i went in for a quick bite for lunch, the falafel wrap was really good.  The kafta kebob wrap was good too, tho the meat was a little dry.   The few sweets they sold were very delicious!  I'd defintely go back and do recommend.|0|0|0
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|vxdvQzk_jPtd_4NQmnOEmA|5|My boyfriend is Greek and he was pleasantly surprised with the food there. We have only been there a few times and much of the menu is American (hamburgers and such) so we have only tried a few things, but so far so good. The pikilia (appetizer combination plate) is great and I think that probably is a good sign that the meze will be good too. Tthe lamb burger is pretty good too, but if you want a bit more of a Greek taste ask for a Greek cheese on it (I do not remember if it is kasseri or kefalotyri they have. ) The specials are as close as you can get to Greek home cooking for a reasonable price. If you like dessert, their galaktoboureko is very good too. The service has always been great too and I hear their brunch is quite popular.|1|0|0
QNU9hn3bg_HF6v6UndA6wQ|B6ug_EsueTkRR-RziainpA|4|Gorgeous sunset views from the rooftop...cabana-like seating and a river rock inlaid bar enhance the on-holiday vibe... easy to mingle with friendly patrons...didn't order any food, however  the aroma of passing dishes was quite delightful... and the staff was quite helpful and happy (a positive sign indeed)...i"ll be back..|0|0|0
uaPEPXxiEf8rNFbzFyy3Cw|tBvftlnON3gtg-x_TFoenQ|2|Would give this place 4 stars on Sunday's as a former RISD student, burritos or (3) Taco's were 2 for 1!!!!. And as we all read from other yelpers the Burrito are hardy. It's seriously getting something the size of a new born baby. And so you would totally get your bang for the buck. The Taco's are not quite massive and so this might be a better decision if your not a big eater. Topping wise, stick with the steak or chicken. Fish can be fishy and the spicy chicken is well...SPICY. If your into that, I recommend it though. I like spicy, esp. in the winter but that felt like it was burning a hole in my stomach. could only take 2 bites. The tortilla chips are quite delicious, and a good compliment to the taco's.Aside from that the workers are pretty good, until say; you lost your wallet and it has nothing to do with they're job. I thought I left my wallet there and they didn't give me the time of day. Not even a 2 seconds. In that sense  would totally give this place a 1 star, if it wasn't for they're food. Booooo|1|1|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|ziL8chrxFpGtA0oFQNUrwQ|4|This time I went for drinks, we did not eat here. But the service was great, the bartenders were friendly, the crowd was hopping, and the DJ was spinning some great reggae. Fun place!|0|0|0
HPDZZjKAi4vmtLEvYmk2Hw|IhmBr-yHC8xLjdnoq7O37w|4|So sad. You've got people tumbling over each other to get a coffee and sit at the tiny little tables at Coffee Exchange two doors down, and little Cafe Zog is half empty, with private little booths and coffee that's just as good.The first reason for this is because during the busiest time of day, they've got one person working and people want coffees, sandwiches and omelets. While I was in line, four people left cause they got tired of waiting. They probably joined the mosh pit of hipsters waiting in line for coffee two doors down.With a little more time on our hands, we pulled up into one of their cute little semi-private booths with our laptops to do some work. No plugs in the booths, but still nice for the 3 hours my laptop will last.The boyfriend got his iced coffee right away. Mine took a good, very apologetic, 15 minutes. As did the bagel & cream cheese.The "Zog Specialty" is the Cafe Sarem (hazelnut coffee w/ sweet ground chocolate and steamed milk), so that's what I got. It was worth the wait, super super yummy and worth coming back for.I also got a bagel with what sounded like the best cream cheese ever: onion, chive and bacon. So... It was damn delicious, just let me note that the bacon comes on top and is not mixed with the cream cheese.Overall, the service was super slow, but we both really liked what we ordered and thought it was worth the wait. It's also nice to have a place on Wickenden where you can get coffee and think straight without feeling like you're at the stock exchange shouting your order.Pssstt... Wifi password is: cafe123456|4|0|3
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|9bd7MWA9WOTBP-cQa8MQTQ|3|This is fine.  It will satisfy your sushi cravings, but it won't blow your mind.Let's start with the good--the rolls were nicely constructed...this may seem trivial, but it's actually a big deal.  Not having the roll fall apart before you get it to your mouth allows you to enjoy all flavors together, in a balanced way.  It also helps you spill less stuff on your shirt.  Both pluses in my book.They need to work on their spicy rolls however.  If I order spicy tuna, I expect something IN the roll to be making it spicy.  Not here.  They just put the spicy mayo on top.  Spicy mayo for me is contingent... I have to be in the mood.  Dousing a roll in spicy mayo is the least elegant way to make this roll possible.  Wiped off the mayo and sure enough under there is just avocado and tuna.  They should consider changing up their recipe.Ginger dressing on salad is a bit thin and wimpy, and what's with the crunchies on the salad??  At least warn about this on the menu: your salad will be coated in crunchy.  If you don't want fried tempura dust on your salad, then you can ask for it without.|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|LImUfzJpn4ud5ffLU-jROQ|5|This is a great place for vegan options.  I had a slice of the Vegan BBQ Sausage pizza, and a vegan Meatball Parm.  Both were excellent, and very filling.  I just wish it wasnt on Thayer, as it can be a pain finding parking, just to get a quick bite.|0|0|0
QSB6qv6EvXebXu0n42X48A|j26AcWn4iKXDkUwOqYip1w|3|There isnt that much to say about Gordito Burrito. It's a hole in the wall that shares the same space as Antonio's. However, their salsa, which i believe is home made, is delicious and even better served at room temperature. Their burritos are quite good, just make sure to order all the fixin's, so it doesnt get bland.|0|0|0
87LNZTmU2KXPnC-ZyN0mYg|0jTtVmRjyeHRqXGPvTF_cw|4|I love to try new foods. Korean food always intrigued me, I've heard of bulgogi and bimbimbap and other traditional Korean foods. Soban is located in my favorite street in Providence, Thayer, so I thought I'd try there. I had the hot stone bimbimbap? I'm not sure anymore how that's spelled, but it was delicious! The meal came in a hot bowl and a steaming fried egg on the top. I love fried eggs and letting the gooey yolk run through my food, so of course I was going to love this! The bottom of the bowl crisped up the rice to a delicious, nutty, chewy, crunchy ricey awesomeness!I cannot wait to try this again. They have complimentary soup, but when we got there it was close to closing so it was only broth when we grabbed some. I still had some to taste it and it was delicious, so i can't wait to try it again. So best Korean food in town? I dont know (I've only had Korean food now twice since I've eaten here) but it was definitely yummy. and I'll definitely be going again :)|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|pEm8zRZ3nQXzufDdXt6UFw|1|Let's put aside the obvious issue of "authenticity" for a moment and discuss the real problem: quality.Their food is disgusting for a reason: it's really, really cheap. Everything comes of a bag: the soups come out of a bag, their guacamole comes out of a bag, the empanadas are pre-fab and frozen, even their 'house recipe' hot sauce is actually just from a big Cisco jug. Their business model is simple: flashy decor, glossy menu, and steep prices means that people will believe that what they're eating wasn't frozen on a truck that morning. It's a really sad way to treat customers, employees, and the community. These people don't deserve to make money.|0|0|0
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|FgRHfmgeCnLLW6eNC5iV9w|2|After reading all of the great reviews I decided to give this place a try.  I got the street noodles with chicken and my wife got the pineapple fried rice.  We also had the steamed dumplings.  Everything was ok...but not great.  My noodles were pretty dry and there wasn't a lot of chicken.  Her fried rice was lacking flavor and depth.  I didn't hate it but I am not eager to go back.  That said I will return at least one more time to try this soup everyone is talking about.|2|0|1
-_FvwOM3_wku2zHiLjibgg|9biYKvEtNJBHv_pNdMTimg|5|My wife and have been to about 80% of the restaurants in Providence, and this is our favorite by far!  The staff is aways warm and knowledgable. The menu has a bit of everything and it very unique.  It is extremely hard but make sure you try and leave room for dessert.  I know a couple of years back, they were voted best desserts in Providence 3 or 4 years in a row.  Bottom line, if you want to have a great dining experience, Cafe Nuovo should be you #1 choice!  It is ours, hands down,|0|0|0
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|x5CMZDlNRZgwpliJy63SIw|4|Oh, Andreas, how I adore you with all of my heart and soul.  While Andreas is Americanized Greek, it's still Greek flavor and unlike any other restaurant that we really have in Providence.  The interior of the restaurant is casually fancy; the bar is a bit small making it hard to maneuver around.The prices are fair and the food is yummy yummy in my tummy.  My favorites are the Taramosalata appetizer - whipped caviar with pita bread and for lunch or dinner, the Grilled Swordfish Sandwich - fresh grilled swordfish on delicious onion/rosemary focaccia bread accompanied with a caper dill mayonnaise.  My mother is watering just writing this review. The service has been up and down over the years that I've been dining at Andreas, however; I like their food so much that it keeps me coming back.|0|0|0
uJA6Perynk-drhKfX5Fh4w|BfWDQUBTK4wHSZH9UJ8Skg|2|Ho-hum.My six year old son loves the joint - but it's too gimmicky for me.The one at the mall is only slightly better.Don't waste your money ordering a salad.  Ick.  If there was a picture of the worst salad you can imagine - it would be theirs.Bathrooms are dirtier than you would expect for a Thayer Street joint.Go once, I suppose, to experience it with kids.  Adults, don't bother.|0|0|0
6fz6hlH9LDkZ9jwtwBVOEQ|PqEMzxn_7OHpqpwr0bXYkA|3|I'm not sure why, but I don't want to like Spats as much as I do. I seem to prefer drinking in the most run-down and crummy bars possible, but Spats could not be further from run-down or crummy. It's clean and bustling with a cheerful and friendly staff, several good beers on tap, and a selection of high-end scotches at ridiculously good prices. The food is hit and miss, but their happy hour specials can't be beat, particularly the gigantic plates of nachos and the absolutely wonderful buffalo wings. Dessert isn't half bad, either. You too might benefit from abandoning your crummy watering hole for Spats. It's a fun place to have a few drinks with a group of friends, large or small.|1|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|343SitEpnQj0HQDg41RIYQ|3|Have only visited for brunch.Ambiance is solid. Nice big space with lots of light. Coffee is tasty. Service is pleasant but not stellar.Avoid the eggs benedict. Made with that weird ham that is spiked with cloves. Yuck.Will give it another try.|1|0|0
wKaal1Y4D9DIJPkHVNyP_A|PvyHA9OjxkHtk2zWJ8-6GQ|5|Foodie Alert..........if you would drive 150 miles for a meal then you are a true foodie..  the entire experience was great from beginning to end.Apps and mains are outstanding.  Wine menu is robust with some very good values and reasonably priced.We are "hard core NY'ers" and are bringing our peeps!|0|1|1
qhz-qmRp30-khTbJ3DjnYw|X2Vztu1xlYOEB3Igo9MMZg|3|Its a good little place. Always seems closed. The food is great though. It is truly home cooked Italian. Simple, delicious dishes were had all around. Seriously big old school meatballs in the spaghetti.We did not have any problems with the service and it did take a little long to get food. The service was adequate and with a couple bottles of wine to work on we were just fine. This is a great place to go if you plan on shooting the bull with a friend.I am not chomping at the bit to get back there but I am sure I will be back.ITS BYOB AND CASH ONLY (just to note)|1|0|0
9jbiSU23TGDdBw0a94l3oA|a6lxjON-VzOiI9tFZtPhmA|3|This place is open pretty early compare to the other food places around the area. The food is overpriced and there is nothing special about it. The chicken noodle soup tastes alright. They ran out of certain types of bagel and the person forgot to make my friend her smoothie. The place is comfortable for you to sit around, have a snack and use the free wi-fi on your device.|0|0|0
0cYGdh3BVnIiLxPB88fEUg|F6MPrQ5oxQL2Wq1v5ENDzA|4|I had a coupon so I decided to give Blount a try.   I ordered the Lobster Salad roll with crispy fries.     The roll was nicely toasted.    The lobster salad was good, no chunks of lobster, mostly chopped together, but good.   The fries were so GOOD !!   Crispy, not oily, well done !!      I plan to go back and try their clam cakes, chowder, fish and chips, etc.   Prices are good too.      Most items under $10.|0|0|0
1M5pHJqGLL_-t74M37uQ0Q|V7vAB8x1zeM-E2LeRMZSTw|5|We stopped by Parkside for lunch yesterday on a whim and we are glad we did!  The restaurant although small has a comfortable feel and a very cool layout.  The staff was friendly and very attentive throughout our meal.  We ordered a 1/4 chicken with fries/side salad and the rotisserie chicken Alfredo dish.  Both dishes were served hot and fresh, the chicken on both dishes was tender and moist, the fries were perfect for adding vinegar - very tasty!  The pasta was cooked and seasoned perfectly, awesome combination of flavors.  Being stuffed we ended up ordering a banana torte to go, it was still warm when we devoured it 45 minutes later - it was awesome, crust was flaky and sweet and the banana filling was out of this world!  Highly recommend!|0|0|0
Zeb06JwkXIvweAkGOsWDqg|DoNLqGdF0mNLoGYTcS6B2g|1|Never again.We went in on a Sunday afternoon... three of us. There were about 5 other tables, two servers & one manager looking guy. It took at least 10 minutes for someone to even acknowledge us at our table, the drinks were slowwww, we were never asked if we wanted refills and couldn't get our server to ask her. The food took a long time & it wasn't even remotely good... not even for greasy burger food. Can't decide what was worse--absent service or disgusting food?|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|4TCOItk-gIJROyNA5ftZ-Q|3|High yumminess factor, but the prices for the portions are on the high end ($10+ for a crepe is verging on ridiculous in my book). If you eat out in large part for its entertainment value and want cute ambiance, this place might fit the bill.|0|0|0
Wd9p_AlZTnN6pBHmT9YemQ|E8MVzBKpU0CLd5239W02KA|1|I was very excited to finally visit Jacky's Waterplace upon getting around to visiting my folks here and hearing nonstop from my best friend here about the beautiful new Jacky's in downtown Providence.  Of course we just had to go when I came in.  My excitement quickly fizzled away after the experience as I came to the conclusion that the only difference between this and the Jacky's Galaxies I've been to elsewhere is the setting and the expensive prices.  I live in New York and the pricing at Jacky's Waterplace is normal for a mid-tier restaurant in that market so I have no problem paying such prices for a decent meal.  Having spent a great deal of my life growing up in RI, though, the prices are quite high for this region. Regardless, even a mid-tier restaurant in New York (with the exception of the garbage chain restaurants and tired overpriced tourist traps in Times Square) needs to remain consistent, fresh and on point to stay in business.  In Rhode Island, restaurants need to bring out-of-this world, consistent and timely fare to merit these prices because there are far too many lower-priced restaurants in the area that meet these credentials and can therefore hammer your business.  And if they want to gain regular business from the high-end executive set of the state, they really better up their game because I can't imagine being sold on ambiance and underwhelming food.I went with my friend earlier for dinner and the food was decent but nothing to dream about and certainly not what I expected in this caliber of Rhode Island restaurant.  I also was left with a bitter pill in a lazy and lackadaisical waiter who took a half hour just to get our order and acted like he was doing us a favor by gracing us with his meager presence all night.  If the service was decent, I could chalk it up and deal with the food but this type of service is absolutely unacceptable in any market or at any price point.With regards to the food, I was expecting the level of cuisine to be on the same culinary fresh and innovative level as places like Torrisi's Italian Specialties and Gramercy Tavern in New York.  Don't get me wrong.  The food was decent and there was nothing bad about it.  My friend and I shared Lobster Nim Chow for our appetizer and I had a sushi roll combo.  Both were good, but they really don't stand out amongst the other Nim Chow and sushi rolls I've had in my life.  My friend had a scallop and vermicelli dish, which actually was the best dish out of all three and was somewhat different than I remember on the menus of the Galaxies.  It's somewhat alomg the lines of innovation that should be on the entire menu, but I just had far greater expectations for this place and was therefore a bit underwhelmed.  I think there can be adjustments on the menu that ultimately get it there, but it's extremely far from it right now.I've been to Jacky's Galaxy in North Providence and Johnston many times and the only difference in those places and Jacky's Waterplace is the nice location, fancy plating and higher prices.  You can pretty much have most, if not all, the same items at Galaxies for a lot less money.  If you have no concerns about spending a lot of money on a meal, I say go to a good restaurant in Boston or eat dim sum at Chinatown Brasserie in New York.  If anyone has any suggestions on remarkable Asian restaurants in Rhode Island or Boston, please let me know because I'm a bit behind on the new and great places there.  Honestly, until Jacky's Downtown menu is completely revamped (best to shred the current one, start from scratch and go as far out of the box as possible) service quirks (or maybe just the lackadaisical and self-serving waiter serving my friend and I) are adjusted, I say save your money and go to the Jacky's Galaxies elsewhere.  It pains me to say this because the Galaxies have always had great service and decent food at an inexpensive price point.  The North Providence restaurant is one of about three restaurants in all of Rhode Island my eighty year finnicky grandmother has nothing bad to say about.|0|0|0
wMXggu190ZT0smWMicTG-g|LSWEB4ru-PaahVAXUSKicQ|1|This place (as mentioned) was BEAUTIFUL. There was only two other groups of people in the place but, I was so excited when we had first arrived, and was pleased with their beer list. Ordered a Gansett Porter, found out they were all out, ordered another selection, all out and they poured me something I had never heard of. It sucked, very acidic.. just awful. Finally, I just asked for a Magic Hat, was fine. Impressed with the locally inspired options (saugies and beans, stuffies, johnnycakes). We ordered randomly.. two bowls of RI chowder, JohnnyCakes with gravy, stuffies and clam cakes.. The chowder came first-- it was full of potatoes and tasted acidic and urine like..typically indicates bad shellfish, they had no oyster crackers and brought out stale bread with no butter.. we sent it back thinking whatever it will get better. Johnny Cakes were VERY hard, the gravy was gelatinous and cold, and the clam cakes were incredibly dark and liquidous  in the center. The stuffies were cold, and they didn't offer hot sauce or lemon. The stuffies were bad, but not awful..other than that OUR ENTIRE MEAL WAS INEDIBLE. We were told this never happens and our waitress took it back and said she would see what they have to say. She comes out a few minutes later and says ''I have no explanation, I'm just charging you for the two beers, that's all I can do." Not an apology, or anything! The bill was 9.63, we left $10 and left. SO HORRIBLE.|2|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|Yhotyln7QiqpPOfNij2LEw|2|Ugh... I feel the need to vent about the bar portion of this place. Your drink prices are too high! -I'm not the only one who's commented on this. I want to come here, I really do. I love the decor, and I like to come here to dance or listen to live bands... But I always feel my energy sink whenever I think about the money that I'm going to spend-I don't even drink alot, usually only a few for tiny me.  I have a typical spending cap when I go out, and I don't think twice because I expect it. Of course I'm going to support the establishment at least on a basic level, but when I'm at the Local, I usually end up only having one beverage and do more drinking elsewhere. I'm sorry, I know the Local has a reputation for being expensive. I've been burned with an unexpectedly high bill (for a few drinks) before, but last night took the cake. (I'm trying to understand how a bar is attempting to lure a young hip nightlife crowd with high prices like that.)Ok, so let me tell you my experience from last night. I feel justified in my disappointment as I wasn't the only one SHOCKED at my drink bill. Granted, I didn't exactly specify what kind of wine I wanted, but I asked for a red cabernet. Usually, cabs or merlots are the house wine at most places. I don't ever think twice to order in a similar way wherever I go. I had 2 glasses and it was over* 20$. COME ON! ... I get that the Local is also a restaurant, and there needs to be some kind of continuity, but menu prices vs. bar tabs.. It just breaks my heart.Maybe they just get away with it, who knows. What I DO* know is I have a definite bad taste in my mouth... Sure, I should have known better. I guess deep down I wanted to have hope of being pleasantly surprised. Alas, I must agree that, "fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me". Rest assured, I will be reverting back to my initial tactic of minimal drinks at this place.OVERALL: 2 STARS for the entertainment and cool atmosphere. 3 STARS docked for okay service and high prices. Ultimately, come if you wanna have some dance/music fun.  Don't come here regularly or drink too much if you wish to have any money in your bank account. Advice: Post drinks and prices SOMEWHERE.(Note: Because of my disappointment, I will probably never eat at this place. I've heard it's expensive for "eh" quality, even if they do buy locally -which is a typical plus in my book. If the bar is any indication of what I'm in for on the food side, no thank you!)|3|0|0
ooNlNmDvLdmPuR_b_b2Rww|gtoiFqmDHqQwtWJSYMM7bA|4|I discovered Dok's a week ago and I've already been back again.  The in-house assortment of smoked meats and bacon and homemade dill pickles makes me oh so happy.  I've sampled the buffalo turkey wrap and am still thinking about it.  Smokey turkey, hot sauce, blue cheese chunks and celery on tomato wrap- Yum!  The Havana Gila is Dok's take on a Cuban sandwich and it does not disappoint.  The house ground brisket burger is also quite good as are the house chips.  What's nice about Dok's is they sell their meats so you can take home some smokey bacon or tasso ham or pastrami for later.  There's plenty of on street parking and the staff at Dok's is great.  On my most recent visit, my little one was asleep in the car so I parked directly outside the front door and the girl at the register was oh so sweet enough to bring my order out to me.  I'm dreaming of my next visit now.  What will I order next?!...|0|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|ezJj-pxd6dWJ4C3MT3JTzQ|3|Location is what sells this place.Oh and fries.The food is good, but nowhere near what you expect from the price.  I mean, how hard is it to make bruschetta?  And yet they failed... I should not have to use my fork and knife on a shared appetizer.  I heard great things about the Paragon fries, and tried both the regular and sweet potato, and though they hit my fry-spot, they're no "truffle fries".  Salads are good, but overpriced as well.Waitstaff seemed like deer in headlights.  Instead of bringing another ketchup they took the one we had and didn't come back for 7 crucial fry-eating minutes.  Definitely not the best place for large groups unless you have tons of time to kill waiting.Not pub food, not fancy food, somewhere in purgatory between.|0|0|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|L_hR80PFoJbkmTsSbOOzxQ|3|It seems like Olga's is the kind of place that most reviewers either love or hate, but I've been working in the neighborhood and going there regularly for a while now, and am still wavering in between. On the good side, the garden is lovely and the staff are very nice about letting people sit there as long as they want to. All the coffee I've had there has been excellent, and the coffee syrup really is good. The food, on the other hand, has been hit or miss for me. I've had some truly excellent bread, muffins and soup there, but I've also had unpleasantly greasy and rubbery calzones and scones hard enough to crack a tooth on. From my personal observation and the other comments I've seen, I would guess that these food failures result more from disorganization (letting things sit too long/overheating, etc) than from bad cooking. Still, the prices aren't so low that they're worth paying for substandard quality. As far as the comments about the staff go, in my personal experience most of them have been very nice, but there are one or two who have consistently been short-tempered and unhelpful to customers while I've been in there.|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|1hJJXtCULGN8NT2dQtYbMg|4|3.5 stars. Oh relax, picky Yelpers. There are plenty of places to stuff your fat faces...so dont knock the food service. Yeah, it kinda sucks, big deal. Where else in Prov can you see live jazz in a 1974 mod setting with Easy Rider being projected on the back wall while getting hammered? No fucking where. This city has a gaping lack of adult drinking establishments, for those of us whose idea of going out to drink doesnt necessarilly involve a dive, a club or a college bar. Tazza fills this void quite well.They have something live nightly, from poetry, to folk, to open mic hip hop. They have a full bar, good coffee, and, if you are hungry a passable and reasonably priced food menu. Sheesh, bitchy reviewers.|1|0|1
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|a_t-uT1nqjiM4l9arvdRJw|5|We have been to Gracie's a number of times but this last visit took the cake. The service was exceptional as usual. The food was second to none. But what really took it to the next level was after we were gone. I left a comment card with my compliments to the staff and the kitchen and also mentioned how much I enjoyed my post meal cocktail and my wish to be able to make it at home. Yesterday I received a very nice thank you note along with the recipe for the cocktail I had. Now that's what I call hospitality.  Thank you Gracie's for a wonderful experience!|0|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|5hS9juuaN3kTV5f13nfFZQ|2|I see this as a knock-off version of Mongolian BBQ, and nothing is ever as good as the real thing.  I came here for lunch one day during my trip with two colleagues from the conference.  We were seated immediately and the waitress explained how the process worked.  Basically, we were to fill a bowl with any of the available ingredients (veggies, meats, seafood, etc) and any combination of sauces.  Then, everything would be cooked together on a giant griddle in the middle of the restaurant.It's an interesting concept, but there are a lot of pitfalls.  There were too many different ingredients and sauces that unless you follow one of the recipes on the boards located all over the restaurant, it's very likely that you can concoct something really nasty.  Also, the seafood and meats were pretty low quality.  Plus they only had one person cooking, so it took FOREVER to get the food warmed up.  We only had time to get one bowl each, but that was enough for us to realize that we made a bad lunch choice.|1|0|2
RIzlH7t_wVhiTFklmYC1RA|uaAEeBvh3pFZMgAEHwCY-w|5|I've been here twice in the past three months.  Both times were spectacular.  The combination of great food and superior service is very nice.  They always try to incorporate local ingredients as well which I think is very nice.  The atmosphere is very cozy and romantic.  Even though the tables are small and fairly close, I still barely noticed anyone else around me.  The menu changes frequently and there is also a prix fixe menu Monday thru Thursday, which I always like to take advantage of.  Just a few of the tasty things I had the last time: spiked hot cider, venison (soooooo tender), skate wing, beets, porchetta di testa (pig head).  And they also do have a very tasty variety of breads that comes with an interesting spread (I think it changes frequently).Definitely one of my favorite spots in Providence.  Can't wait to go back.|0|0|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|Pk5pWlKt7GkDUDtaSYb-NQ|4|- not the best seafood for the price but the portions make it worth it- steamers were plentiful but on the smaller side- recommend: fried clam dinner, new england clam chowder, soft shelled crab entree- we were seated in the bar section, which was fine since there were a few available tables, 50 minute wait for a dining section table without a reservation on a wednesday evening, no thanks, I'll take the bar|1|0|1
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|86VQVloINJWeq3EsF1mIPg|1|The cubans here are so bad that it makes me angry to live in Providence.  They are mostly mustard on tasteless white bread, without nearly enough meat.  (And by "not nearly enough", I mean "almost none".)People I talk to insist that other things are good, but I've tried the cubans THREE times because I keep saying to myself, "You must be remembering wrong, how can a Cuban suck?"But I'm remembering just fine, thank you.Meanwhile, EVERY other Cuban I've ever had ANYWHERE has been delicious.|4|0|1
RIzlH7t_wVhiTFklmYC1RA|hpw7UrWf51aaWKbaGGJ2hA|4|**** 4.5 stars ****New Rivers has probably the best looking and most intriguing charcuterie and offal menu (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=hpw7UrWf51aaWKbaGGJ2hA&amp;amp;amp;select=hY88KJ6A39-2iH5IO1C4kQ) of any restaurant I've been in. Where else can you get Cocks' Combs and Duck Fries on the same menu? Sadly, this was one of the few times on my trip that I passed up something I was curious about, as the idea of doing a cured meat degustation tasting on my own sounds great but I know I wouldn't even be able to tackle dinner after.My only major complaint with New Rivers is something I encountered almost immediately upon entering and which continued throughout the whole dinner, and that is the piss poor attitude I received from my server. This was a rarity during my trip to Providence, which is partly what made this experience stand out even more. Not long after sitting down at the table the hostess put my at my waitress came by and informed me there were also seats available at the bar. I'm sorry, do you know WANT my money? Because I'll gladly just leave the restaurant and pay someone who wants to wait on me...Fortunately the quality of the food far outweighed the service from those providing it, so I was able to see past the bitchy attitude and enjoy my meal. Apparently there was a Restaurant Week in Providence not long before my arrival, and the trend of prix-fixe menus was so popular in the fine dining restaurants that they decided to continue the option on a regular basis. I opted for the set menu on this night, primarily due to one of my favorite items (pork belly) being one of the offerings.They start you here with a wonderful sampling of breads, and a really delicious spread made of chickpeas and white beans. Two of the breads in particular were very good, the rosemary covered loaf and the cheese covered bread stick. Rarely do I splurge on the bread in a restaurant prior to the meal coming, but I couldn't resist here.For my first course of the night I selected the tomato water gazpacho. I'm normally not a fan of any type of gazpacho, mainly because cold soup just isn't appealing to me texturally, but this one was surprisingly good. The diced red pepper, cucumber, onion pair so well with the flavor of the tomato water, and it's a very refreshing flavor that I can imagine would be perfect on a hot sunny day on a patio. Accompanying the gazpacho is a pair of basil crostinis with melted cheese in the middle, great for dipping in the gazpacho to enjoy a whole medley of flavors. The main course was my entire reason for choosing the prix-fixe menu, the pork belly. It was slow cooked with shittake mushrooms, carmelized onions, zucchini and red peppers. The presentation was like something out of a child's book, bringing up memories of playing in the woods, surrounded by all the earthy ingredients. It really was something beautiful to behold.Unfortunately, the desert I was really looking forward to, the rhubarb and strawberry tart, was no longer being served, which was really disappointing as I was looking forward to my first taste of rhubarb in the northeast. They ended up replacing it with a pecan-rum ice cream, topped with a bit of melted Belgian chocolate. The flavor of the ice cream was pretty nice, and I liked the texture of the bits of whole pecan that were left in, but the chocolate on top was just overkill, and a bit too dark in my opinion, often overpowering the ice cream.I thought New Rivers offers many good culinary surprises, and has the potential to be a real star in the Providence dining scene, but they still have a way to go to in order to catch up with some of the bigger stars. One note, at the time of writing this the entire front of the building was covered by scaffolding from some construction, so it may not be obvious it actually exist, but trust me it's there!|3|0|5
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|3XxsH5vS3yJDnYLxSnRu3A|5|Great indian food.Sunday buffet is good value, but inividual meals are better tasting.|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|eY0tdZjFM5ixELYtvqs3iQ|4|I lived in Providence for about a year and never had a chance to go to the old Cuban Revolution. My husband and I returned to Providence yesterday with a friend. I warned them both that Yelp reviews said that the service wasn't always great, but we wanted to try it anyway. So, we started with the plaintains and drinks. The plaintains came within 5 minutes, as did the drinks. We thought the plaintains were great and the portion size was appropriate given the cost. My friend had the best steak sandwich and thought it was really good. My husband had the "bay of pigs," which consisted of an empanada, beans and rice, and plaintains. The portion size was fine and he said the empanada was great. I had the veggie burger along with a cup of black bean soup. Both were really good and I loved the Cuban bread that the veggie burger was served on. We even shared two desserts including the banana cream pie and the tres leches cake. Both were delicious and huge! We couldn't even finish both desserts. We got all the food plus a beer for my husband and two sodas for 57 dollars. The service was great, by the way. The waitress was nice and we didn't have to wait at all for our food. The food was hot and really tasty. It is a nice space and there were a lot of people there when we went at 7 on a Saturday.|1|1|0
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|3DqeuxNWduWVSSD44d2zPQ|3|I have been to Andrea's many times and have never been overly impressed (unlike my brother and sister-in-law who will disagree with this review and rate the restaurant much higher! A few nights ago I had a burger which was quite average and my girlfriend had a chicken pesto sandwich. She found the chicken to be dry and was disappointed that she was not told that the pesto was not the Italian green but a Greek red which tastes much different. On the other hand we had Saganaki as an appetizer and it was exceptionally good!When we arrived I asked for a water with lemon. I got the water but not the lemon. No big deal and otherwise the service was fine but it is the little things that distinguish a good restaurant from an exceptional one.|1|0|0
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|yuICWlU9pyLUkK2imFb3PQ|4|Wow! I found Lola's on Living Social and my husband and I decided to check it out. We walked into the brightly colored dining room and were seated by a polite hostess. The inside is very pink and funky, not very traditionally mexican but still cool, it looked very modern. The hostess dropped off some chips and salsa, which she told us were both house mad. The salsa was smokey and a little spicy, and tasted very fresh. Our waitress Moe helped us out with the menu.She was very knowledgeable, friendly and patient. We could tell she was busy, but she still was able to spare a few minutes to go through some of the words we did't understand. I thought I knew mexican food, but I was clearly mistaken! We started with guac and it was a heaping cup with fresh chopped tomatoes and cilantro. I got the fajitas with a pulled pork for my entree that she recommended which came with a sampler of three house salsas. I love spicy salsa and so she helped me choose a few of the many salsas they offer.The dining room was packed at the time and our waitress informed us that they were understaffed because the Living Social coupon was supposed to go into effect on Monday but people were coming in today. Woops, I didn't read the fine print. but they accepted out coupon anyways, which was very cool of them. The drinks took a while to get to the tables, and we noticed there was only one bartender. They probably needed another one, but the $4 dollar margaritas we had were good and strong, so we couldn't complain. Overall, I will definitely come back, especially when they open up with back deck on the water. I definitely recommend eating here and hopefully they get the schedule of workers sorted out. All of the waitresses were working their butts off! Overall, a very fun place to eat with great food and great service!|0|0|0
oRn1Mjtr1BzwyN3-CE2lxA|IVEuPluq44tGeRv3-htf-Q|2|This place is just OK for breakfast. They got both breakfast orders wrong, which started things out on a sour note. I mean, how hard is it to get breakfast right? Prices are high, but since it is the Westin Hotel, I guess it is to be expected. You are probably better off checking out one of the many coffee/bagel places in the area for quicker service and cheaper prices.|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|B6ug_EsueTkRR-RziainpA|4|i ate here on a rainy fall evening and was initially welcomed by a valet gent who rushed out with an umbrella as i dashed in from the rain... thoughtful (and attentive) indeed..! we did not have a reservation, but were able to fit right into a charming upstairs table with a sweet view of the river.. my dining companion and i opted to share a smorgasbord of items over having individual meals... a delightful way to experience some choice dishes.. i was most intrigued by the proposal that the kitchen would individually hand craft my dessert... which must be ordered in advance of the meal... not one to frequently order dessert, the personal touch definitely inspired me to do so.! AND they offered one of my favorites, a simple pear tart... our waiter encouraged us to consider sharing pizza, 'a popular diner's choice'...  ever eschewing the 'popular' route, this of course lead me away from such an item... (i grin)... instead we opted for the bruschetta, a refreshing arugula & avocado salad, a scallop entree, and a side dish of brussels sprouts... the perfect blend of items... each item was well prepared & perfectly served... an avid fan of arugula, i was hoping for a bit more flavor in the salad... although the horseradish did offer a nice punch... the scallop dish is not currently on the menu, so i've forgotten the specific preparation (writing this several months later)... i DEFINITELY remember that they were plump and delicious... and well complimented by the brussels sprouts...our server was friendly & attentive... and not too concerned that we lingered a long while over each dish... remaining in our seats as clean up had begun..(!!) this was primarily due to the delightful elegance of our shared pear tart... with fresh cream... flaky crust and all... worth the wait... i shall definitely make a return trip... especially if they ever offer a flourless chocolate torte... (wink)|1|1|2
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|AW0tVcfwYZBiwtwYyaX0WA|4|As out-of-towners, we walked in here without knowing how expensive it would be. When the hostess asked if we had reservations, I should've realized the food would be pricey. Despite being caught off guard, we really enjoyed ourselves. The food is worth the price, so we simply counted this meal among our "special" ones for our vacation.Our waitress, Destiny, was very knowledgeable about the menu. She helped us decide what to order and we were quite pleased with our choices. I had the scallops with porcini muschroom ravioli, prosciutto, caramelized shallot butter, and arugula. It was to die for. The scallops were perfectly done, seared on each side and soft in the center. I'd definitely visit again if I lived nearby.|0|0|1
yNnWaqDFdfD-MqbeAtDfSQ|rkDyfkPMBXXX5GKeBxhQdA|3|I had the daily special, which was blue cheese and colby with tomatoes  It was certainly very good, but I felt like I could make it at home pretty easily. Maybe I would have been more excited about it if I had just happened to be in the area looking for some lunch, but I had gone out of my way to find the truck and then walked all the way down Thayer street, so I was hoping for grilled cheese nirvana. I know I am in the minority here, but it wasn't quite as good as I'd hoped (you Yelpers really talked it up!!). The girl at the counter was really nice and they also accept credit cards, a huge plus.|1|0|0
87h9WI6h9cjNHxQd0FizBA|DLS3QAUGD9mbGxDu0dCw2w|3|I've only ever eaten brunch here but it's never been great or terrible.  Rue De L'espoir seems to focus on baked goods, which they do well.  The egg dishes and potatoes tend to be a bit bland but I do like their OJ.  Nick's on Broadway is better but is also more crowded.|0|0|0
w3p6mz0m1b-jPm26weDabQ|9aIPSfVYbVuZsAimywh-QA|4|we loved this place.  nice breakfast options, super friendly staff and really cute place! (i loved the table cloths)|0|0|0
G7zdZt33PU_Gfmt3qHD88w|fMFUNmmtkzBlYS0Gk_FVdw|4|The sushi at Tokyo is tasty, but my fondest memories from this restaurant are a haze of giant dinner portions of fried rice and a BYOB of riesling wine. A great date restaurant if both you and your date have ravenous appetites and enjoy the novely of sitting on the floor.|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|oO5TqyC5bGkK6yz7j2Rt_g|5|This place is great, the moment I tasted the food I was amazed, the atmosphere is really cozy as well. I loveEthiopian food and have always had to leave town to satisfy that yen. I was so excited when this place opened. I am glad they lived up to my expectations!!|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|P-MPAWFp5aTMQERQoMJ8og|4|I came here with a couple of ladies for a cocktail last Saturday night.  The bar is absolutely gorgeous and the drink I had  (berry lemonade with cold mountain vodka) was amazing.  Ivory tufted back seats and the  beautiful cherry woodwork makes you feel like you stepped into a scene of Madmen.  Total glamour.I hear the food is amazing and it seems to turn into a nightclub after 11?  I will have to be back to check out dinner and the nightlife....|1|0|1
Lw7lLPi2Da-daCK2rxtPIw|S8cJbdfMOxDkita7piHKjA|2|I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks this stuff is super bland! They can't even do a sweet potato tempura roll right.This being said, I was spoiled with Ruby-Foos on trips to NYC with my dad growing up. It's pretty much the standard I hold all sushi to, and this stuff was weak. It was quick though. I guess. I liked how it was only an older man or woman working, watching Japanese television. The crampedness sucks though, I feel like I'm waiting for a prostitute in here.It's quick and moderately priced, but that's as good as it gets. I won't be back unless I'm craving the hell out of some sushi. Which I won't be.|1|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|J10glDXz7JOEE7wGA57dCA|4|La Creperie is one of those places you can always count on to satisfy. It's super basic with paper plates and plastic utensils and a community water jug but they've got every kind of crepe you can think of.Dessert crepes, savory crepes, belgian waffles, smoothies, juices and so much more. It's so tiny inside but the crowd flows in and out so you'll most likely get a table if you wait a minute. Otherwise you can get takeout and head to one of the nearby Brown U. green spaces for crepes picnic style.I recently tried the buckwheat crepe and while I love traditional Breton buckwheat crepes known as galettes, these are not those. It's just a sort of more nutty tasting batter but I bet you wouldn't know the difference if no one told you.For the longest time I would get sweaty palms before heading in there because the staff were just so cooler-than-thou. But, thankfully, it seems they've started bringing on some friendlier, more welcoming kids to sling the crepes.|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|tFGrJRTQ7TqEk9CYxN4_4Q|2|Sad, this is what passes for high dining in Providence. Overall, the portions are excessive, the dishes tend to be crudely drawn together, lacking in technique, and the service is mostly amateurish. It would be nice to see a little more finesse come out of the kitchen, and a wait staff that is more experienced (and trained). On the good side, pasta can be delicious and - as long as you order lightly - a nice place to grab a glass of wine and an entree on the way home as the sun sets.|2|0|0
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|deF5NdWr0DbQq8djPN15sA|2|I used to love going to PF Chang's when I lived in Miami! I still like the restaurant, but the service that me and my friend had a week ago the Sunday night before Halloween was HORRIBLE!! We only sat at the bar to have drinks and there were two bartenders on and it wasn't that busy. We had to get her, the bartender's, attention for EVERYTHING!! Hospitality 101: #1 when a guest's drink is low, YOU ask them if they'd like another one. The guest should not have to flag down the bartender fore every little thing, including water. #2: If a new person joins the party you ask them if they'd like a drink. My friend's husband stood there for TEN minutes and I had to flag her down, which I hate doing. And you'd think they would use a bit of teamwork, but the male bartender just kept walking by us not even looking. My friend and I have been in the restaurant business forever and the service we received, excuse my vocabulary, sucked. The two bartender's on that night were absolutely terrible. Get a new job if you're not guest and hospitality minded. :)|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|JD7L3z31GmOuVsRRPyqdFQ|5|I'm having an Iron Chef moment here at the restaurant as I think about how to review this artisan food. The breads were amazing, with a big thank you to all who suggested the honey beer bread, which is out of this world. They brought out a taste on oriental spoons: A touch of goat cheese, a slice of grape, a sprig of some herb, and it was a perfect flavor pop.  Then they brought out the poached egg appetizer, another good recommend from Yelp, which was a 10 for flavor, texture and plating. When our food came, all of the waiters descended upon the table with our dishes, very old school, which was fun.  We had the ribeye and the striped bass. Both were excellent. My only minor complaint might have been the al-dente white beans which accompanied the bass.  They were a bit too al-dente for my taste. The fennel was nice, as was the carrot puree on the plate.Between the courses came out another raft of Asian spoons, this time with a melon-ball sized scoop of grapefruit sorbet.  Sadly I can't eat it because of a med that I take, but everyone else said that it was excellent.We finished with the flourless chocolate cake and a poached pear with Maytag blue cheese accompanied by a small sweet grits cake shaped like flan topped with a hard burnt sugar crust that in turn was topped with honey ice cream.   The pear was too hard to cut with a spoon, but tasty, but the winner was the ice-cream/grits combination.  That was great.  The flourless cake I didn't try. My daughter said that the raspberry ice cream was too strong and overpowered the cake, but that the cake itself was delicious.This is a high atmosphere restaurant, with warm wood walls accented by decorative stars and most of the restaurant lit by candle. Service was great!  They offer a-la-carte and 3 and 5 pick tastings at a better price, but bring your wallet, as it still is going to be pricey, with appetizers around $10/12 and entrees running $28/32Yelp once again picks a winner on our trip.  Victory goes to the chef at Gracie's.... Someone call Bobby Flay. It's Throw Down time...|2|0|1
1M5pHJqGLL_-t74M37uQ0Q|XWhiWroSNZ_MnhWL6WvX3w|2|With the exception of dessert, I'd have to give this place a resounding "meh."We went there with a group (seven of us) on a Thursday evening. The place was pretty slow and we ended up hanging out for about three and a half hours.The good: The service was very friendly and attentive. Our waiter explained the specials to us and was happy to give us separate checks to make the payment easier. Our water was refilled many times throughout the meal. And no one rushed us to leave.My husband and I split a chocolate mousse-filled crepe dessert.  It ended up being two crepes, so I'm glad we split it, and it was very good.  The mousse was more like pudding than mousse but it was quite chocolatey and good.The fries that came with our meals were also pretty good.The not-so-good: The rest of the food we ordered wasn't so great.  Even the complementary bread was overly chewy and didn't have a good flavor.  My husband ordered the bistro burger and said it was okay but nothing special.  It was also so huge that he had to eat it with a knife and fork rather than pick it up.  I ordered the lemon garlic rotisserie chicken, thinking that since rotisserie is their specialty it would be good.  It was unbelievably bland and dry.  There was no hint of garlic or lemon on it at all.  The pesto it came with at least gave it some flavor, but it did nothing to help the dryness.I'm not sure how the rest of our group felt about their food, but I definitely wouldn't bother coming back here, especially given the prices.|1|0|0
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|adrDnFPsjdPy_JzGWAJHLA|5|Phenomenal is all I have to say.  I've only ever gotten delivery, but it has been fresh, amazing, delicious, authentic, everything you could ever want from an Asian restaurant.  AWESOME. Nam Yaa is delicious, I always get the yellow curry with pineapple (extra spicy) and vegetarian nime chow.  Amazing.|0|1|0
04ZBAOo6ffXkhSICqngaIQ|gVFxZMcuG_Tal2_TnpmUPg|4|The wifi is free now, and they recovered the benches so they're not so pathetically shreddy. The staff has also improved - perhaps they started reading Yelp reviews? Who knows. The tea is still very good, and the prices and selection may have even improved a bit.The only real downside now is the lack of outlets. Oh, and the hordes of spoiled-rotten Brown students, but it's Thayer, so oh well, right?|1|0|0
IL96KSxK3ov1m-1WQV8MLQ|ed9eUaL7a0pWpbbpbgGosA|4|Whenever I have a morning meeting downtown, I always make it a point to stop and pick up a cup.  They have more than adequate espresso and make a pretty decent Americano.  This place a casual coffee shop vibe more than a cafe vibe, but that's ok.I've been here a few times and I've never left disappointed.My only piece of advice (and the reason for four stars, not five) is that if you see a line of any length at this place, just walk on by and come back when you've got more time.  I have spent upwards of 15 minutes to receive an order.  They always seem to have 2 or 3 people working behind the counter, but it appears that they aren't particularly good at getting out orders quickly.I'm not trying to be nit picky.  I really enjoy this place a lot and will continue to patronize them, but I just know that if I am in a rush and I can't just walk up to the counter, I need to skip the Small Point and get my joe fix elsewhere...|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|nJpiUBiXvdy-v-QAIcanbw|3|I'm still on the fence about Gracies, after reading such rave reviews and hearing so much about their service I feel it didn't live up to the hype. We were seated in the lounge, because even though there were seemingly plenty of open tables in the dining room they were waiting for reservations, fair enough. Our server took a while to relax around us, and seemed caught off guard when we asked for help selecting a wine, and didn't offer much assistance. He also seemed flustered that we didn't order our wine first, then our first course. Before our first course came out we were given an amuse bouche, it was a nice touch but the flavors didn't really mesh. The wine we selected was nice, and our first course was delicious, I had the Crispy Sweetbreads, my friend had their Gnocchi with mushrooms. The Crispy Sweetbreads were just that, crispy but the meat had an amazing texture and just melted in your mouth, and the Gnocchi were light and pillow-ly just perfect. Next we were given a lemon sorbet to clear our palate, I found it a little bitter but my friend liked that it wasn't too sweet. By this time our waiter had relaxed a bit and things seemed to come effortlessly to him, which was nice. For entrees I had the Lamb and my friend had the Crispy Cod. To be honest I wasn't completely blown away, The lamb was nice and cooked well, though, I felt there wasn't enough mint sauce to go with the size of the meat portion. But, the plating was beautiful. I also found it odd that it came with carrots, it just seemed too safe but the ravioli it was served with was great, very nice and fresh. The cod, which also had mussels and clams-- kind of a take on paella, according to my friend was nice. While clearing our plates our waiter commented that I must be a "meat and potato" girl, because I didn't eat my carrots. It's still irking me.  Dessert though was amazing. Originally we ordered the Flourless Chocolate Cake and the Raspberry Torte, but they were (luckily) out of the Torte and we had the new Pineapple Panna Cotta instead, both were amazing, loved the texture of the Panna Cotta, the chocolate cake was a bit dense, and heavy but that's fine, it's a chocolate dessert it's not meant to be light. All in all, it was good, but not great.|1|0|0
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|4ZfHbIbmyTuCX0BXNOocrg|4|With only 5 tables outside, my friends and I were lucky to snag one on such a beautiful day in Providence. Less than 5 minutes after sitting down, our waitress came over and offered us water or a specialty cocktail, since it was happy hour and all but we are boring and stuck with water.Since we had been walking around all day, we were starving and stated off with the fried calamari as an appetizer. It was not too crunchy and not too chewy - really really good and that's because I am pretty particular about my squid! There were too many options on the menu that made my mouth water but I decided on the Pesto cream gnocchi with chicken. It was delicious, creamy and seriously this  portion was large enough to share between two people!Service was great, my water glass never went empty and our waitress came by to check on us every 10 minutes and the food pretty good. I cannot comment on how the place is when it turns into a full out bar but I suggest going in the daylight, sitting outside on a pretty day and ordering the calamari!|0|0|1
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|XgJxBTraA-UwdWz4P_IOiw|5|I'm going to keep it simple. I go to Geoffs for two reasons: the people there (service) and the food. The number of choices you get can be quite overwhelming, but at the same time it can be fun and different. It lets you explore and live a little. The guys there are always very funny, they just make my day. It is very casual. When you're served by people in a good mood, it lightens up your mood too. If you're looking for something fancy, then you're in the wrong place.casual, fun, different, good food- this is it.|0|0|0
87h9WI6h9cjNHxQd0FizBA|NARHhcFTY8yxk_b4qE892g|2|Pretty darn good spinach salad and bread. I do want to try the brunch sometime. The decor is very 1960's iHop brown and ugly not at all French. If the ambience doesn't bother you then I say go! Ambience is a big deal for me so I am not sure I will go back.|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|Md39tg3Kgs446T9OrypsCg|4|You'll find funky decor and cool music at Cuban Revolution.  Our favorite seats are the high bar stools in the window.  The space is a bit small, but we've never had to wait.  My normal visit would be at lunch time or on a weeknight though.The mojitos weren't that impressive for a Cuban restaurant.My fav dish is the patatas bravas  They are spicy and perfect.  Prices are very reasonable.|0|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|aAlKX_pPAhu3dIInG9guCQ|5|Love this place! Open late, simple sit down or take out, awesome music, quirky staff...oh yeah, great crepes, waffles and smoothies too. They also have wraps and salads but it's all about the crepes. You walk up, order, wait patiently, they call your name, you snag it off the counter...easy!The only downside is the Brown crowd. The later you go during school season on prime nights the more you're exposed to these hipster, pseudo-intellectual wannabe types. Just put the ear plugs in and you'll survive!|0|1|0
EcUL0Ixq_5L9HCdyk2GIOQ|EgR6j-eD9rOzjJLorY_5aw|1|STOP THE PRESSES, this place literally like... traded recipes with the (now non existent) Saki's that was next door.  I got a slice there last month before the Pentagram gig at Club Hell (which was AMAZING by the way) and seriously- I was served up a sub par slice that was WORSE than any frozen Red Baron crap I've ever had.  You're outta the car now Queenie, shouldn'ta skimped on quality now that your competition is gone.  Shame on you.|2|3|1
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|6kEJhXXIpH7VP97OBLvHkQ|5|Delicious, perfect, mouth-watering and very filling wraps, each and every time. During my time in Providence, we've eaten here several times and each time---YUMMMMM!!  I always get the chicken and gyro wrap. The chicken is grilled and has such a delicious flavor. I've had the falafel, too and it's just soo good. I'm getting really hungry just thinking about it.It's a small place along Thayer with limited seating. Clean and well-kept. Please give their wraps a try, they are incredibly delicious and juicy and a bit messy with all the fillings and sauces dripping down your hands. But so yummmmylicious.|0|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|RrQQ4TfvnyfrHrQU_Ux2Ug|4|hipsters are very interesting people. they try really hard to look like they don't care, which is I guess what makes them hip. well, they live here, if that tells you anything!food is great, lighting is a little too dark for my choice, but the menu is always original, the food solid, and the beer selection very decent. what more can you ask for for a very reasonable price?|0|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|cHLEv4ADdvAv7u9h7B3WFA|5|Love this place! My group of friends and I come here often. This place is casual, but the ambiance is actually pretty nice and quiet. I have seen people studying here, but the tablets are set up more like a restaurant as opposed to a cafe.Some of my favorites:- Breakfast here... delicious omelettes!- They have tasty salads. My favorite was the curry chicken salad- The thanksgiving sandwich: i cannot emphasize this enough! And the portion is HUGE. We usually split one sandwich between two people- Warm giant cookies with icecream... yummmmOverall, a great place to go if you are looking for somewhere nice but casual to hang out in. Oh and I forgot to mention that it IS a BYOB :) Double-props for that!|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|k-PdDyHQ5fIVrBay-hFIJQ|5|I purchased a stainless steel french press. 36 hours later, I did not think I was happy with it, so I decided to take it back. I had not used it, but had noticed what I felt to be a design flaw.The owner came downstairs and took the time to talk to me about the various presses. He told me he would be happy to take back the press... but he explained to me why it was designed in the manner in which I felt was flawed. He then gave me a pound of ground coffee to try with the press, and sent me on my way, explaining that he would take the press back if I tried it and still didn't like it.5 stars for: quality of products carriedawesome customer servicewell roasted coffeeand being a RI fixture.|2|0|0
1-WF9A4i-0fI8XxCFbqrTA|3F986dc7iFTTcI09ji1kzQ|3|Rick's Roadhouse is one of those staples that you can always fall back on. Went there on Friday night after meeting at another restaurant that had become a little too mellow for our speed. As usual, Rick's had a good vibe going, with a mix of college and middle aged patrons. We sat outside at one of the picnic tables, as the bar and bar area tables were full. The weather was cooperative - so no issue there.We had a few bites earlier, but needed to nosh in order to soak of some of the alcohol we were enjoying. We ordered the pork nachos (a favorite of mine) and a round of drinks. The flavor was there, as usual, but the quality control is a bit hit or miss here. Sometimes the chips are layered with toppings, which is ideal. Tonight everything was lumped in one pile on top. No biggie, it would just be nice to have them prepared the same way twice. The service was fine - college aged server with a nice personality. The staff was attentive. The bathrooms were not in the best shape, seems to be an ongoing issue. Nothing major, but counters and floors were wet and tissue was strewn about the floor. There was tissue and hand soap available, which is the norm. Just makes you wish they serviced it a little more often during the evening.  The summer is great because they have outdoor seating. Not always easy to find in Providence. Try the nachos with pulled pork, the pulled pork sandwich and the ribs. They satisfy. The pours are generous and they offer buckets of beer and a limited draft selection. Will certainly go back for a casual evening of drinks and fun with friends.|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|6DmjbYpsxz8MUSSXeX4PAw|5|Nice slice has amazingly delicious and cheap pizza, ranging from your common household combinations to the seemingly bizarre, such as their 'Cranberry Picnic' pizza. Best of all if you or someone you know is a vegan...no problem! Nice slice cooks vegan friendly pizza as well, one of the few places I've ever come across that does so.|0|0|0
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|obZHKZd-tA9Z9vEHxmDkTA|4|When we go to Providence for a weekend of R&R we always go to Andrea's for a late breakfast just before returning home.  their breakfast fare is well prepared and they have several creative specials (benedicts, fritattas, etc)  Service is always excellent and friendly.  Food is plentiful and properly cooked.  There are so many options in Providence for breakfast but this one has us coming back.  We love to sit on the sidewalk and watch the world go by.|0|0|0
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|uQ-BQMHP9oQSvyirQcYYcg|2|Stay away if you are gluten free. I gave them two stars bc their food is excellent if you are not gf and if you are willing to eat everything their way. Today we asked for a gf plain hamburger w rice- manager told us it would be gf walking in the door and a lamb souvlaki gluten free w rice. After we ordered we were told the rice was not gf - has orzo in it and that they had no sides other than salad that would be gf.Then when food was served the souvlaki was in a pita and the burger had not gf fries w it. Also the other kid w us was served onions on her burger after asking for no onions. Five years ago we walked out of Andreas bc they had nothing for my then 3 yr old to eat. We had hoped it had changed, clearly it hasn't which is really sad bc it was one of our favorite places pre gf. Go across the street to Kabob and Curry or to Nice Slice if you need gf.|1|0|0
6fz6hlH9LDkZ9jwtwBVOEQ|Mrf6wqrnp7u575ZMud3T3A|3|This is for the bar/nighttime atmosphere, not for the food.  Although I've heard they have good food.  Anyways, we ended up here after a rather epic failure at going to karaoke.  Yes, karaoke to Spats on Thayer you say?  Why, that's not a natural transition?  Agreed, but it was not my choice.So we get to Spats to pre-game the night with one of their tubes filled with beer.  It was $35 for about 8 beers I believe.  Lost a star because the waitress told is it was going to be ten bucks cheaper than that.  Spats is very much a college or grad school crowd.  More guys than girls, lots of TVs so the men can watch sports, and overall just very laid back.  It was okay, I just wasn't blown away.Conclusions: Go here for a casual drink with friends before going else where, but don't expect to meet people.|0|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|jamBToZqN8uNKPYkRX7yDw|5|I'm disappointed there isn't a lot of love for the Flats. I'm not a big fan of Mexican-American food, but I go to the Flats nearly every Friday night and cannot get enough of it.Here's the thing. If you're going there on a Friday night, you should expect to wait for an hour to get a table for four. But it's worth it. Enjoy a couple of the house margaritas or a beverage of your choice and just hang back with friends. If anything, you have a wonderful opportunity to people-watch and watch some people make questionable decisions. You also get the opportunity to look at other people's food and decide what you feel like eating before agonizing over the menu, where everything looks wonderful. Even better, you get to watch the bartenders work their arses off (let it go, I'm an Irish gal) and know that you are being served by some really wonderful people. They are kind, fast and, well, awesome.So why do I crave the Flats every week? The answer is simple: the buffalo chicken potato chips. I cannot get enough of this outstanding appetizer. I even convinced myself I could eat it by myself as my meal and even though I couldn't do it, one day I hope I can. The dinner is delicious too. I always tell myself to limit how much I eat so I can finally try a dessert, but that has yet to happen. Those damn buffalo chips are just too good to pass up for dessert. And I LOVE dessert.Like I said, I'm not a fan of Mexican-American food. Before the Flats, I craved it once a year, if that. Now it's a weekly hot spot and a daily craving. The bathrooms aren't too fancy, and there are some steps that a drunk person could easily lose sight of and trip over, but when you are in good company with great service and delicious food, none of that seems to matter.Go to the Flats and give it some love!|0|0|0
t7UZFLVJavx5fQCooDyaRQ|E1O4Ux79BMjSYatbAvUsiw|5|City Gyro is a great Halal option that frequents the Brown University campus. They have a great chicken cheese steak sandwich and I will always be a frequent customer.|0|0|0
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|TL81zAQrnXgTxEgGUv76eQ|4|Really, Really Good.Great Margaritas, Delicious grilled corn, Fantastic fajitas and perfect service.Can't wait to go back.|2|0|1
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|WYQnME7EnhwrxFvs6PKwcA|5|I have been back many times since my first review of this place.  They offer gluten-free injera, which thrills me to no end now that I have to eat gluten-free.  This remains one of my favorite restaurants ever, and I intend to return again and again.|0|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|4AmpFfCvOqnYE7uNAHib2w|5|I have a long and sordid love affair with breakfast dives, and this place is probably my soul mate.I came to visit a friend at Brown and we went there for breakfast (actually, it was probably more like brunchtime by the time we dragged ourselves out of bed) on a Sunday morning.  It was crowded, but we were assured it would only be a 20 minute wait (we were seated at the counter in 15).  I ordered the Drunk Johnny.  Best decision I've ever made in my life.  Around $7 for 4 pieces of perfectly crispy toast with delicious melted butter, potatoes to die for, and the most disgustingly enormous omelette I've ever seen.  Filled with gooey melted cheese, onions, and an absolutely life-changing corned beef hash.  My friend got the basic breakfast - 2 eggs, 2 sausage, toast, and my other friend got some pancakes and a pumpkin muffin.  We were all fat and happy by the end of our meal.  It ended up being the only meal I ate that day - partly because it was huge and I was full, but mostly because I knew whatever else I put in my mouth wouldn't measure up.I will definitely be coming back in from Boston for more - um, to visit my friend.|0|0|1
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|pUrXypNPaj9WJn8rc6yGFQ|2|While I love the decor the waitstaff is terrible. I was charged more for the beer that I ordered than was listed on the menu and she seemed truly miserable. The food was pretty good, but portions were small. Been in the past and bartenders are great, but for the experience of eating a nice meal, I would suggest passing for a drink at the bar.|0|0|0
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|XeooYgC_QKTzyEjvwVH7kA|2|So I ventured over to Lola's because I had a living social voucher. I like tequila and I like mexican food, so it seemed like this place was worth a visit. It was about 7 pm on a cold/rainy Thursday when we visited, but the service was oh so slow. It took about 15-20 minutes before anyone even came over to take our order.The margaritas are all about $8-$10 and they were OK. We tried both the "bright" and the "mysterious." I agree that it was very strange that the tequilas were not listed on the menu, as it would have been nice to try one that is better than Cuervo.We started with the queso fundido app. The "chorizo" looked like the sausage crumbles one would find on a Papa John's pizza, and the consistency was very watery. I am not sure what type of cheese was used in this dip, but it was like a generic velveeta. It was also pretty bland. We finally received a bowl of chips and salsa midway through our meal, but for a place that boosts a bunch of different salsas, it was slightly frustrating that they didn't ask what kind we wanted with the chips.For the entrees I had the tamales. The menu said that the dish came with three, but I only got two on my plate. I also asked if it was possible to get one pork and one cheese but was told by the server that wasn't possible. Why not?! I got the cheese and luckily got to choose three salsas to go with it. The salsas were all just listed in one small corner of the menu, and it would have been nice if there was some sort of heat rating on them. I ordered the mango/pineapple thinking it would be sweet and mild, but it was super spicy. My H got the burrito which was very salty and had too much rice in it.This was definitely my first and only visit to Lolas. I recommend Tortilla Flats or Mijos instead.|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|uYqpUIjos0puuar__elBkw|5|File under -  urban, earthy coffee shop.  Part coffee shop, part coffee roaster, part perfect.  For lunch, I ate part of two cookies (peanut butter and chocolate chunk) and a mini cupcake, sat at a small table, used the free wi-fi and felt completely satiated with my gunpowder green.  Sassy jazz played, smokers took in the off season weather on the porch.  Pretty close to bliss.  I'll be back for everything, especially the sweet treats.|0|0|0
PPsQwCCtPPXcpgy_kCyfFQ|OGqWZFKpfdmt8Z2mThpfpQ|1|I never use Yelp so please excuse my fledgling review (I accidently posted this review for another Cafe la France shop!).I go to the Amtrak Cafe La France.  They run a clean and classy shop, and are always accommodating, even when I am in a rush to catch my train.  I always get my iced coffee and a pastry (usually a bagel) and it's quite enjoyable.  I frequented them often last summer as I commuted to Providence everyday from MA.That being said, this afternoon I called from my place of business to speak with someone about collaborating on a project, and the woman (Elizabeth) who answered the phone was offensively curt and dismissive.  When I asked her if she was a member of management she said "No!" and then when I requested to speak with a member of management she refused and hung up the phone on me mid-sentence.I found the exchange to be unnecessarily rude and her demeanor to be unnecessarily (yet entertainingly) reactive.I was disappointed that I received this treatment on the phone, especially as I was excited to include Cafe La France in the 300+ public event that my nonprofit will be hosting in a few weeks.  It is a missed opportunity and I hope that the management will chat with Elizabeth about why she was so eager to dismiss such a large scale marketing opportunity :(|2|1|0
DDyFfkS0987e1aQEAEZEhA|3Q52-v9_QY4bJjmjOZ2kNQ|2|Im sorry I just dont see a five star here.  Great looking restaurant on the inside. Bar looks good, pool table is free!!, and atmosphere is on the plus side based on the Providence scene. Menu has about ten different small plates on it, ranging from salads to a quesadilla. Nothing complicated for food, nothing to write home about, just typical late night bites (basically things that are fried or easy to make). Flavor of everything we had was simple and average. Shrimp cocktail had a good presentation, but presentation doesn't make up for average taste. We read about the wings, and decided to give them a try. Again nothing out of the ordinary, or nothing different than the next guy making wings. Presentation and plates were out of the ordinary and seemed awkward to carry out to a guest. It doesn't matter if you stack my wings like a building block or if you put them in a bowl (they are just wings).  Drinks, beers, and wine seems to be on a lower side, cause we notice other restaurants in town charging more for the same bottle of wine or cocktail, which seemed to work in our favor. As far as service, a solid four star. Waitstaff seemed to be knowledgeable about what they are selling and didn't seem to be "order takers", they seemed to be helpful.  If this place had more of a selection of food that wasn't just late night bites, I mean I think i would give it a four. With a brand new restaurant to the scene, I feel like this is a honest review and I can see a difference in the upcoming months.|1|1|0
04ZBAOo6ffXkhSICqngaIQ|zZnfmKnlXdWEsTT3l3QpDQ|4|I had been here several times and left because it was always crowded, which is generally a good sign, but this is a college town ...so I was reserving opinion until I could go more than once. Recently it was parents weekend, a perfect opportunity, and I was pleasantly surprised. I stick to assam when I am trying a new place because it's a solid black that I always drink and I can judge it best.Let's address the staff. Ya, every other review that mentions the young, slightly rude folks behind the bar are not wrong. Yes they were clique-y,a little condesending,self involved yada yada...but they recommended the special when I ordered the assam which brings a free refill and since I was hanging out, I partook.The tea was good.Not out of this world but definitely good.I sat at the window bar,which was cool because I could sip and people watch(lots of parents) and relax.I got my refill, no questions asked, and although they weren't necessarily friendly, I'm an older gal and that clique-y mess doesn't bother me.I smiled. They smiled. Tea was good. Refill wasn't a problem.Crowded, a little loud with the families yapping, but it thinned out and was kinda cozy.The next day I went back for an assam to go...this one was actually better because I cud leave my tea leaves as long as I chose to.Same staff,not any friendlier or any recognition from the day before but watev.The last day I hung out only for one cup,definitely less people since families were going home,and I had a relaxing time.Quiet. Tea was good too.I'll definitely be back every time I head to Providence.|1|0|1
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|088SkMN7Hjn2vK2MEUfc3Q|3|I've eaten at Mill's Tavern three times in the last few years. Each experience has been good, but not great. I think if I were writing a review of any one of the experiences I might lean towards four stars, but the overall experience has been about three.The food is good, but not mind-blowingly so. My group split Mill's special Porterhouse, which well cooked, but was covered in a mushroom sauce that wasn't memorable (our group had also asked for the three available sauces to be served on the side, which was a minor irk). We also ordered a side of mac and cheese. The table opinion was split; some folks loved it, I thought it was okay (it's easy to get mac n' cheese that tastes really rich).The cocktails were enjoyable -- I ordered a basil gimlet from the cocktail menu, and enjoyed it thoroughly. When I turned to my second drink, the few bourbons that I've found available in most restaurants (Maker's Mark, Bulleit Bourbon) weren't there. I was then offered Bulleit Rye, which I happily accepted, but was later then told that they didn't have any either. Lame.The desserts have been the high point of my trips. In my most recent visit, both the panna cotta and the bread pudding were easy table favorites. In fact, I'd probably recommend this place to folks as a drinks and dessert-type place.|3|2|2
x05vLVOH2OQr-8ATmfItRg|Ox1aC_SRNHpc-soP_Ck9Mg|1|Visited this restaurant on 1/7/2012. Thought my feelings might change, but they have not . The portion size of the fish was less than 3 oz. and was like a a block of salt!  We called the manger over & he was unable to make a decision or say anything intelligent - not a good manager at all.  He was working off of some sort of script, thanked us for our feedback, which is a nice way to say fyou and brought the bill back to us.  Cannot reccomend.|1|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|P4QhfAOf1MuT4gRo5zfkRA|4|I popped into Fellini's on a whim the other night. The pizza was the best I've had this far in Providence. I'm a big fan of thin crust pizza and this is exactly what you will get at Fellini's, with a huge variety of speciality pizzas. They sell other non-pizza items as well. I thought the people working their were attentive and professional and the line, while long, moved quickly. Outdoor seating is definitely a plus. My only real complaint was the price. They charge 3-4 dollars for a slice. That's crazy!|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|2dyfZNhtyuHdestczTgWjQ|2|Plenty of veggiesNot enough seating for groupsToo much grease for meOh man, too greasy for me. Great selection of slices at a good price, very kitsch atmosphere, and a bucket of soda on the floor don't win out over the greasiness of my veggie pizza. I could see through my plate at the end.I can only imagine how busy this place gets on weekend nights while the nearby bars are in full swing. Too bad if you want a seat there, but if you're just wandering by looking for the dandiest drunk food on the block, meet the best of Thayer.Points deducted for clarity of paper plate and lack of available.|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|41GUi1qvVeWDhHeviDF7pg|3|I've been twice, and always feel like i'm inconveniencing the staff upon walking in. Maybe its cause there is never anyone there when i go, and they are annoyed to actually do something. But its kinda awkward. Anyways, i've also never seen any of these chips and black bean dip people keep talking about, so that makes me sad. The croquetas de jamon were more ham salady than croquette-y. Beans and rice seem underflavored, and yet i keep ordering them cause i have no memory retention. Cuban is ok, if slightly skimpy on fillings. Garlic meatballs, good flavor i guess, stupid price. In general their tapas are a little ridiculously priced for what you get. Sangria is weak, and desserts are completely pre-fab, much like everything else i'm sure...Nothing has ever been hugely offensive, but nothing is ever approaching wow. I find it slightly disappointing...oh well|0|0|0
rblZR9xtCUgwjE19AU2y8w|DUA3mNST9V1-39RkcgyaTA|4|Garlic Naan, Chick Peas, Rice, Chicken Korma. It's great to have excellent food in the FOOD COURT. Always fresh and hot - the Naan came right out of the oven. One of my favorite Indian restaurants.|1|0|0
Gdu0UVTG8a9M8syTmT4b6Q|PqEMzxn_7OHpqpwr0bXYkA|2|Okay. First of all, Starbucks is Starbucks. You walk into any Starbucks and you have a pretty good idea of what to expect: faux warm atmosphere, decent but generally not fabulous beverages, and substandard baked goods. That being said, if you drink overpriced coffee beverages regularly and go to Starbucks because it's convenient or comfortably predictable or you're in Rhode Island and there isn't a wide selection of good coffee shops anyway (or if you're like me, all of the above) it's worth knowing a bit more about your local branches. Like snowflakes or fingerprints, every Starbucks is just a teeny bit different.The Thayer Street Starbucks is located right in the heart of Brown University; as a result, it is insanely crowded when school is in session, particularly just before and after classes. It's nearly impossible to get a seat, and you often find yourself relegated to the stools near the window. This wouldn't be so bad if they weren't also right next to the air conditioning vents, resulting in an unpleasant bit of cold air to complement the already chilly Providence weather that you were attempting to escape. The noise in the place is constant, and the bathroom is always filthy, since the staff is kept too busy to attend to it and it undergoes extremely heavy use.Perhaps most galling is that the Thayer Street Starbucks does not offer a student discount. The reason is obvious: with a customer base that consists largely of students, they would stand to lose quite a bit of money. However, the branches in downtown Providence do offer student discounts, and it is a bit frustrating that this is not a standard procedure.What redeems this Starbucks is that the youthful staff is extremely friendly, and not just in that cheery-but-fake customer service fashion. They smile, converse, and remember what your favorite drink is if you show up often enough. Somehow, that usually softens the blows of elbowing through the crowds, stepping in urine, and freezing to death. Well, that and the caffeine fix.|2|1|1
AMcQOPu1hcSl7f6iguru3Q|G6yFspc6LzuG7RGV827nMQ|2|Yeah, not my favorite place. I feel like they take advantage of their location in the mall. If they were elsewhere, you'd never hear their name mentioned.Basically, what you're going to get is small-portioned, over-priced food. It's alright, but you're done in a few bites.The bright spot was our waitress, who had a great personality!Avoid Joe's, there are so many more gems in Providence!|0|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|3xFGPEzgK-WNlYnO2QOzdQ|4|Keeping it curt, 1980's pricing and good food.....I like the egg special with Portuguese Linguica Sausage.....and keep an eye out for the popular daily specials........Watch for the famous Portuguese/Italian Soup Specials........I believe its run by a Portuguese/Italian family ---The menu is a hit-list ---|2|0|2
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|XKNTdLf6QEDk5mSu1oKQ4w|5|Fast service, delicious wraps, and there's an express lane for those who just want falafels etc. Also, if you tip $1 they'll give you a free piece of baklava.|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|w9gQB_NFEJI_JR_l-RvIGQ|4|I very much like the stuffed naan which are out of the world.  I also had the Chicken Korma which was very flavorful.  the only gripe our party had was the inability of the restaurant to really turn up the heat.  We wanted the spicy chutney to bemmuch spicier, but they couldn't make it happen.  Otherwise, the appetizers were quite good, the sweet lassi was wonderful, and the restaurant's ambiance is roomy, and the service is friendly.  I would come back.|0|0|0
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|PVFekEJidqcH3V55HqhIBg|3|large portions, average food but a good selection, nice service, very clean bathrooms, comfortable atmosphere [although it's quite dark inside since the color scheme is black and red]. good place to come for lunch with a friend. never ended up trying to come here at night when it's a bar/lounge, but i heard it's pretty fun|0|0|0
RIzlH7t_wVhiTFklmYC1RA|DnXIUlrT3Zzcb6I3gKE3ow|4|Charcuterie is top notch. My favorite was probably the pork belly. They were out of the cheek which I wanted to try. Lardo was real interesting, paper thin or should I say saran wrap thin. Seeing as you can see right though it.Duck ham tasted like, um ham. Really good ham, but i expected some more duck flavor. Pig neck was good I just didnt expect it to be breaded and deep fried. I expected a little more from my pork chop. It was good, I just expected it to be a little more juicy. Was moist throughout but not super tender.|0|0|0
P2r5tl57DWK5AcZ_GiSvWg|6GRWtXzGla4B3b5Dz7RU-A|3|Pizza Pie-er pizza isn't quite Sicilian style, New York style, or Chicago style. If I had to describe it (and I guess I kinda do, right? That's the whole thing about these darn Yelp reviews!), I would say it is like a gourmet, filling-as-all-heck Pizza Hut style pizza. Without the cheese in the crust, of course. To give you a sense of how substantial their pizzas are: I can usually eat a whole New York style pizza by myself, but I typically throw in the towel after two or three Pizza Pie-er slices. The crust is buttery and thick, and the choice of flavors is available. I usually stick with the white crust as it is my general preference, but I think different flavors taste better with different sauces and toppings. For example, I've found that the pesto pizza tastes good with the slightly sweeter wheat crust. I personally think the veggie crust severely colonizes the overall taste of the pizza as a whole; and the multi-grain crust is a bit too much of a grainy health-fest for me. To each her own, though, and I like the fact that pizza personalization is taken so seriously here. With 11 sauces and 33 toppings, they ain't joking about tailored pizza design. Their list of already-assembled specialty pizzas are well-crafted options, in case one is overwhelmed with all the choices. My personal favorites: the cajun chicken (the green olives are perfect!) and the francesca. Finally, the fine art of the personal pizza is a practice that lives on at Pizza Pie-er. No joke, last night at midnight, my partner and I ordered two wicked randomly-chosen personal pizzas because we had the late-night munchies and we were in no shape to cook anything delicious. Pizza Pie-er delivered them to our door, around 12:20am, for $13! No joke! That is painless personalized customer service at its pizza peak!|3|3|2
24CV8Si8DulpStT7s71Agw|xFg4ArkB-sgepXvHeYjOtw|5|New favorite place to come for a cup of coffeeThe best banana berry muffins in the worldBest hot chocolate in providence. And friendly people. Love them!|0|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|jamBToZqN8uNKPYkRX7yDw|4|I'm a big fan of Paragon. My brother first introduced my family to this while he was at Brown, and now that I'm in Providence I frequent it quite a bit. It's a great spot for lunch and dinner. I'm sure it's good for breakfast too, but buffet style breakfast really freaks me out.I love the burgers at Paragon. They are served on an onion roll, giving you a really subtle onion flavor without smelling like onion for the rest of the day. The Paragon fries are delicious, the salads are tasty and the dessert is really good.The atmosphere is really great, too. It's a pretty big space with comfortable seating and sufficient table room, so if you have a big party you won't have to worry about constantly bumping elbows.The service is fine. I've had a mix of really great servers and really rude ones, but I think you find that wherever you go. More often than not, everyone is friendly.Apparently Paragon is a lot of fun for after hours drinking, but I haven't done that yet. Every time I walk by it's jam packed and I get overwhelmed.There is plenty of food on the menu for everyone, too. All different taste buds should be able to find something delicious to eat. And if you won't eat it, then I will.|2|0|0
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|aJFp_kDuz2cKHF41X3zbyA|3|We have been here twice and both times it was a bit of a mixed experience. The Hot Meze Platter is a great way to enjoy a wide selection of apps. It is very tasty and a great way to feed several people. They were happy to reserve a table for 7 on a Saturday night and we didn't have to wait for it to open up or for them to push tables together. The waiter they gave us was new and that probably wasn't a great idea for such a large table. Drink orders took a long time to get from the bar to the table. He was mildy attentive but could have been a bit better. They overcooked my wife's steak and the meatloaf (Bifteki) I had was okay...but a bit bland for greek food. Most other people seemed to enjoy their meals. On our previous visit we had much of the same experience. Hit & Miss on the food...and drink orders taking longer than expected. Neat place with a lot of potential if they can just stay consistent. My guess is with the college kids propping up the business they don't need worry about high quality (i hope that doesn't come across wrong).|0|0|0
x05vLVOH2OQr-8ATmfItRg|9QMPOB3vXULM7EtLHvsUiw|3|All we had here was breakfast.  I had an egg sandwich and hash browns which were both good.  The prices are pretty high, but standard for a hotel breakfast place.  I think I paid $11.95 for an egg & cheese on an English muffin with hash  browns.  The price, however, did include coffee, tea and juice so that was good.  Nothing special but the servers were very nice and quick.|1|0|0
w3p6mz0m1b-jPm26weDabQ|2ytBD8zAwYzq_UlUhVJ8ug|4|I went to the place on sunny Saturday morning. The place was packed. Indeed, with the ample space for outdoor dining (and there are also plenty of sunny indoor seats!), this is definitely my favorite place around college hill when I'm craving for both food and sunshine.|0|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|vR1zYnEKaIhx5RiBFk_J0A|2|Even though our group had reservations, we had to wait 30 minutes for our table. The food bar wasn't spread out enough so people were always bunched up. The grill people had zero personality. Unless you eat a ton, it's not worth the money.|1|1|1
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|ysHXGWxsvqW5qGvUukwJQg|4|Great, moderately priced sushi. Literally the worst service you could possibly get.Don't bother with reservations or big parties.|1|1|1
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|_cpdM9o4XnAJAEZhAolltw|5|Love, love this restaurant!  I've been twice in 2 weeks and had a lovely time each visit.  The waitstaff is attentive and pleasant.  Everything we ordered was delicious and prepared nicely:  crepes, truffle pommes frites, and cupcakes.  The portions were sized perfectly.  If you're looking for mass quantities of food, though, look elsewhere as Pvd has plenty such places downtown or on the Hill.We had a pot of the coconut tea, yum.  Their coffee menu has something for everyone.  I had a wee cup of mocha last time I was there and it was just the right size of coffee after dinner.  The atmosphere is cozy, shabby chic.  So, I would recommend Duck & Bunny to anyone looking for a something different.  In fact, I look forward to returning to sample more crepes and cupcakes.  Yum.Parking:  PITA, but that's expected for the area.|0|0|0
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|1Z4q8zpCRuGZ0S7qmTcvQw|4|Actually came in twice in the last week, so I'm going to put those reviews all in one.  Last week, my "quick order of sushi and a couple drinks" turned into 6 cocktails and a NY Strip, Bearnaise on the side, lobster mashed potatoes, and started off with the edamame.  The edamame was good... steamed as opposed to some places who bake it, the latter of which I prefer.  They were well salted, other than that, I'm not really sure how else you can review edamame lol.  They were green, thats good right!!The lobster mashed potatoes sound better than they are.  They are good, but to pay $17 (i think, don't quote me) for normal mashed potatoes with chunks of lobster meat just isn't my style.  I'm not sure how they make it, but i would enjoy the potatoes more if they actually tasted more like lobster.  When I make it, I boil the potatoes in some lobster stock, and then when i mash, I use the entire tomalley and roe (if applicable) which gives a good lobster-y flavor throughout the entire dish.  Next time, i'll just opt for the cheaper lobster tail to add on (for $13, which is pretty good.) The NY Strip was the best grilled strip steak I have ever had.  Yes, I am a sucker for RC's buttered and broiled strip, but this steak was sublime.  Deep, nutty, succulent flavor from a perfectly cooked grilled strip.  Seriously I was extremely happy.  It needed a little bit of salt, but it wasn't under seasoned by any means.  Will definitely be coming back more often for steak.Last night, came in for late night sushi which I love.  11pm and we can sit down and order food.   LOVE IT.   So on to the food.   The edamame, was edamame.  It had salt on it.  K.Ordered the spicy tuna roll, but had them use white tuna instead.   This roll was delicious, little too much rice for my liking, but it was delicious.  Also had the (sigh) salmon tuna lobster yellowtail mackeral striped bass tobiko quail egg octo-fluke-amari sushi sandwich brushed with truffle oil and grilled.  Yes, i'm kidding, there tuna/salmon/lobster I believe.  It was good, but I'm just not a "sushi sandwich" kinda guy, and more importantly, I firmly believe that sushi should always have one type of fish in it, and thats it.  Few exceptions can be made, but for the most part, let one fish do all the talking.  So it was good.  It was different.  Literally the rice had grill marks on it, and it gave a very very small hint of white truffle.  It was nice for a change, and executed well, but for the purist sushi eater, you will rip this dish apart lol.  Again, it was very good, but just not my style of "sushi"... the gf ordered it, dummy...Also... holy crappola with the red chili sauce.  its everywhere... in the roll, all over the plate in cursive... ease up on it.  I like the spice from wasabi, not from chili peppers....Bread pudding was um.... wow.  The best.  Nothing else to say, just get it and shut up.|0|0|0
9W-k-SJpyEZF1hmiK8MA5Q|QgokWOMG9T0h7ZSSmjCLww|4|3.5 starsStopped in this little place with my old roommates while I was home for the holidays. Kind of felt as if we were busting in to someone's row house home at first, but inside it was quaint. Tables were done up decoupage-style making it hard to focus on the task at hand (deciding on breakfast!) since I am easily distract-able... but they were very interesting nonetheless. As an added bonus, you can 'window' shop while dining as they have jewelry for sale set up along the walls  (talk about killing two birds with one stone... wall art for the restaurant and a side business!)... yet another thing to distract from the food... but again, I enjoyed looking, so not complaining!Getting back to the food (finally)... I decided to go with 'beauty and the feast' - french toast (or pancakes) with eggs, choice of meat (I went with bacon), home fries, and fresh fruit. Being hungry, all that food sounded like a good idea at the time... but as it came out I started to question whether I'd finish... then they brought out the 'side' of fruit which was nearly a meal in itself... and I knew I was doomed. The french toast was great, bacon was good but a little too crispy for my taste, the potatoes I wish had been a bit -more- crispy but had good flavoring with a bit of a kick, the eggs - just OK... by the time I even attempted the fruit I was already way full, but tried it anyway. It was a mix of cantaloupe, honey dew, pineapple, red grapes, and kiwi... kiwi and the grapes were my fav... but definitely didn't have enough room for more than a few pieces.All in all, a good choice for a late morning Sunday brunch. Bonus points for the decor, but docked slightly for sitting us down at a sticky table that we had to clean ourselves. Not sure how great this place would be for large groups since the space it pretty tight, but pretty good for a party of 4 or less I'd say. If I lived in the area, I'd definitely be back to give this place another try.|3|0|5
it9mZRfzo9DsFmddSESLbw|4-9JDM7Xxy3ruSiGjxVERA|2|Two pieces of "dumplings," aka Chinese shumai for $5? I feel like I got ripped off. The Nime Chow, fresh spring rolls, were okay, but nothing compared to other restaurants like Apsara or Thai Star.I came here based on all the great reviews, and I was kinda disappointed. The second we arrived, we asked for a booth instead of a small table that looked like it was on a pedestal (mind you only 2 other people were there- awkward!) The waitress was not a happy camper. What did I hear about good service? Lies! Okay... she wasn't horrible but it made asking her for other things very uncomfortable. I will say that the decor of the restaurant was very homely, cozy if I can say so myself, but everybody knows it comes down to the food.We ordered Pad Kee Mao (Drunken Noodles) and the Choo Chee dish, which is a combination of seafood (or a choice of salmon) in red curry. The Pad Kee Mao was okay, but lacked a lot of flavor and was dry. On the other hand, the Choo Chee dish was DELICIOUS! I couldn't stop dipping the sticky rice in the sauce. Yum.Dinner cost $37 for the "dumplings ($5)," Nime Chow ($5), Pad Kee Mao ($9-10), Choo Chee ($13-14). Overall, I felt like the food was not worth the money... I know I sound like an ass for this, but it's true. Customer service was uncomfortable and food was okay-with the exception of one dish.  I will not be a returning customer :(|0|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|5ulrtjMHCuBcj-iVxENG4g|5|I love the bartender so many people refer to as Mama and I LOVE hummus.  I go everywhere searching for good hummus and I'm always back at Paragon.  No one compares, and I have tasted a LOT of hummus.  I can't really comment on much more of their food cause seriously every time I come here all I eat is hummus.  But the drinks are great and the service is always amazing!|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|9SV9pewzUtdLUCCAhv2djw|5|My wife (being the best wife that there is) took me to Al Forno for my birthday this week. I've been excited to go since we have lived in Providence, but intensely long waits or large groups have always sent us elsewhere. This visit, however, the stars aligned and we were seated immediately (!).The setting was excellent: clean and interesting without being distracting. If you wanted to look at the walls there were neat details to look at, but it was put together in such a way that your attention wasn't called away from your fellow guests or your plate. We split a pair of small plates (cod fritters and the cured meats plate) and, as recommended by my fellow Yelpsters, one of their grilled pizzas. The cod fritters with smashed avocado were really outstanding (plus a bonus sauce: aioli?) - fresh, interesting textures, a nice play on the classic New England 'fry something from the ocean' tradition. The salami plate was a little strange in its presentation - layers of cured meats flat on a plate, with some olive oil across the top - but it was delicious, so you can forgive a strange plating. Much has been said of the grilled pizzas: ours was as good as everyone else's, they really shine with this dish, and I wouldn't hesitate to order it again. We also dove into a pear and walnut tart for dessert: it was huge, we still have some in the fridge. It is still delicious, three days later. You have to be decisive, ordering dessert at the beginning, but go for it. The service is the kind of service you have to think about before you can comment on it - that is, present and helpful but not obtrusive and thus not memorable. Exactly what good service looks like.We'll be back!|2|2|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|1zPwdiXaYsxfHn_SyPGPFg|2|I'm sorry but hands down ,one of the worst places for tex mex! We decided to go here because nothing else was open till 5 on sat. There was only one waitress to the whole place. ( mind you there were quit a few people here) Took forever for anyone to come to our table, drinks came 5min before all our food. it overall wasn't a great place. My boyfriend will eat just about anything, he ordered the pork. All he ate was the fries, that never happens.|1|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|s3zoMg9FH7JjeYlWB3qtrQ|5|Delicious, amazing, great service. Everything was incredibly fresh, well seasoned and presented beautifully. We had the duck and venison and it was cooked to perfection.|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|abqr4Eet8dOSzMtpEegXjg|5|Local 121 is a really great place. The food is fancy and awesome, the location is also very nice. Definitely worth the money!|0|0|0
87h9WI6h9cjNHxQd0FizBA|EPi3CxsRhjdW-JfvtLK5_A|1|Had dinner there tonight.  I was amazed that the menu was so limited and simple.  I settled on teh Lamb Shank as an entree.Asked the bartender if the Lamb Shank was good, she said "Outstanding".  It came and was ice cold in the center.  Not only inedible but a clear violation of health codes.  This used to be a good restaurant but I guess it has fallen on had times.  I had fond memories of when I could go there and get great French fare. Now it is a burger and steak place.  It's no wonder it was almost empty on a Thursday night.  Mediocre is being charitable.  Avoid this and go to an of the much better East Side eateries.|0|0|0
NKVltLT41jYd8A1YPhkxnQ|mjkqYTie6toPuX5M-nx4Fw|2|I know that Ben and Jerry's is an institution, and prices are the same across the chain across the country. But seriously?!  $6 for a sorbet splash?? I just can't believe how expensive Ben and Jerry's has gotten over the years. What makes it so expensive? Is cream in vermont taken directly from its cows??That being said, the actual store is what you would expect from a Ben and Jerry's--but it's still not really the first place I'd go for my ice cream fix. Speaking of which, if anyone knows of a specialty ice cream shop in Providence (perhaps on the west side?) please let me know. I need my "go to" ice cream shop because frankly, I haven't found one as of yet.  For now, I'll go to the super market (or maybe hike up to cape cod) until something better comes along.|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|FrUFN-SmrfwB_C2sreAAMw|2|Oh, Fellini Pizza. I used to love you so. I'm not entirely sure what happened, but you have gone suddenly, and drastically, downhill. I was a vegan for 8 years, and when I decided to break my vegan-edge, I walked right in the doors of Fellini's. And ate a delicious slice of mushroom pie.And then, a few months later, disaster. I have waited to write this review, in the hopes that things would get better. But I tried to go back 3 separate times, all with disastrous results. First, back in December, the folks behind the counter wouldn't make me and my boyfriend a spinach pie. No reason given. It's on the menu, but they just didn't want to make it. I mean, if it's on the menu, and you're not out of spinach, what's the problem?So, the last time I went in, my friend and I decided to try and order the spinach pie again... I'd never had it, and really wanted to try it. So, we order a spinach pie. It's $5.50 on the menu board. Plain and simple.So as we order, the counter person asks if we want a whole one, or just 2 pieces. As the only thing listed on the menu is "Spinach Pie- $5.50", we get the whole one. Seems logical, right?No.So we pay for our spinach pie, and our 2 pieces of pizza. $30.00.WHAT?!Apparently, a 'piece' of spinach pie is $5.50. A whole one - $20.00. No one mentions this to us. And it's certainly not on the menu.Okay, okay, we should have put the brakes on right there and asked for an explanation, but we decided to take it like champs, and we just figured we'd take the leftovers home, because a $20.00 spinach pie must be huge, right?Wrong.A few minutes go by...There seems to be some confusion behind on the counter as to whether we ordered pieces or a whole pie. So the counter person comes to our table and asks us. She hollers back that we got the whole thing. Then, minutes later, they bring us two pieces of spinach pie and tell us they'll bring us the rest "later". These things are small. And basically flavorless. I don't think they put provolone cheese in it like the menu said, just a little sprinkling of Parmesan. But they're fresh out of the oven and we smother them in red sauce, so they're edible. Minutes later, they bring us two more pieces, which is the rest of our $20.00 pie. And these- they are not fresh. They are cold in the middle, and have obviously been taken out of some dark corner of the fridge and re-heated. Yuck.So, what happened? Turns out the confusion at the beginning of our meal was that the people behind the counter had sold 'our' pieces to a couple who had come in after us. So instead of owning up to it, and offering us our money back, or even just making another fresh one, we got re-heated leftovers.Not cool. So, I give up on Fellini's and I won't be going back.|3|0|0
AKfHinPZ5vdPdHRzpvSWtw|bMZisCpkMsscgtmRG8QZfg|3|I went to Sura (downtown prov) yesterday with a colleague for lunch. 1. Ambiance was nice.2. Waitress was prompt and tentative.3. Food was average.On to the food., the colleague and I both got the bimibap on the stone pot which I had to say was pretty good. We also tried combo C LA Kalbi Korean bbq with some sort of soup.  I was disappointed on the Kalbi meat which tasted plain, bland, and overly priced. (I preferred the Chinese food at PP mall a lot better for the meat they are serving)Will I go again?  Probably not.|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|3Y8yeZTdUMFSqr0Cf1n24A|5|This place is sooo cool! It's got a nice artsy rock n roll edge about it. It's a small, cozy place where you can sit down for a chat while eating your pizza or just take it outside. The service is fast and they have the vegan pizza slices or whole vegan pizza, which I really love, the vegan cheese just melts in your mouth, and the sauce is great also. Besides, the classic vegetarian, they also have the chicken, sausage and meat vegan substitutes. One of my favorite places from now on, it's worth a try, you won't be disappointed.|0|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|rVdyPGQvVSPP0QOdlxX2xg|4|I come here all the time for dinner.  Sushi is very well priced and I've never been disappointed.  I mostly order the chirashi, the chefs are generous with the fish selection and the price is great for the amount you get.  The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was because the wait-staff can be a little rude sometimes.  If I'm going with one or two other people I always sit at the bar - the chefs are very nice and will just take your order directly.  Good place to take friends! - just remember it's BYOB.|0|0|0
SkY-3itZowxA9lByHVX2Dg|2cOHyJYAFjjE2Es5qmhhDA|1|I will never come here again. The bouncers and bartenders showed no respect to me when a fight broke out last weekend and I was the innocent victim of a fight. A fight broke out and I was pushed on the ground and people were kicking me nonstop. I have bruises all over my body and constant back pain still (it's been a week). No one assisted me to see if I needed medical attention (except for my own friends). I was in a lot of pain. I finally found one bouncer and he told me not to worry and that it wasn't anything serious ( I told him I was really hurt and in a lot of pain). Complete disrespect and irresponsibility. I will tell everyone to never come to this bar.|0|0|0
6fz6hlH9LDkZ9jwtwBVOEQ|MhjR0EYnC1ZLKsG6tu8lOQ|3|I generally find myself at Spats 2 to 3 times a month. Being able to stop in to catch a game and grab some great pub food and a cold one with some friends, spats is perfect for that.  Posts in the past have said the service has been below par, yet I have only had nothing but A+ service. We are quick to be attended to and seated. Waitstaff is quick to check if a our food is OK and if we need a refill on our beverage. this past Friday I met some friends who were already sitting down for dinner. If in a packed house the waitress attended to me promptly, grabbing my drink and food order, as well as expediting it so it came out at the same time as the rest of my table. If you enjoy great pub food and a quick place to grab a bit to eat on the east side, you won't be disappointed by Spats.|0|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|bFvv4qHsdwTg9Ur2zCztkw|5|awesome food, great menu, and the staff were friendlythis will be my new go-to weekend brunch place|0|0|0
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|3Q52-v9_QY4bJjmjOZ2kNQ|5|Trivia!! Finally a great place for a Sunday night. Came here last night for some beers and trivia with some friends. I'v been going to upstairs restaurant (Coco Pazzo) since it has opened and always been a huge fan of this place. Had the Special Burger which they were calling "The GUBNA", Two 8oz Angus patties, blue cheese, caramelized onions add bacon, lettuce, tomato, this thing was to die for. Cooked perfect!! Every time I visit these place I have always left telling friends to check out one of the best restaurants in town to hang out and relax with great food. Oh yeah over 200 different types of beer!!  Thanks so much guys, again great work|0|0|0
wMXggu190ZT0smWMicTG-g|5laOS0tBZ3z0SUqVfNaXjQ|3|i'm giving this three stars mainly for what it could be instead of what it is.  the staff was completely unprepared for the crowd, even though it was the day after Projo's review.  no host/ess, and plenty of people left after a ten minute wait when no one had taken their name or even spoken to them.  we finally got a table after sitting at the bar for a while.  similar to the wait for seating, the wait for food was quite long.as far as the food goes, the chowder was pretty disappointing and one of the watery-est i've ever had.  burger was fine and steak sandwich was actually very good but by that time we were so hungry, anything would have tasted great.all the servers were very friendly, there just weren't nearly enough of them.  the vibe is cool on the inside and this is an ideal spot for after-work drinks.  good beer list and commitment to local food and beverage products.  i look forward to returning in a few months when hopefully they have most of the kinks worked out.|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|D4un9kv2gb3jaPDS7NMELg|3|The pizza here is a good choice for a late night bite if you find yourself on Wickenden Street. Service is fast and the variety of pizza is great. I find this place is one of the better places in terms of quality. The crust is what I like the best at Fellini Pizza. However, the price is a little crazy. From a slice of cheese it is $2.25, which I find is ok. Not bad at all. But if you want a slice with one topping, that goes up to $2.95. Then add plus tax and a tip, you have just paid $4 for a piece of pizza. The specialty pizza slices increase to $3.30 a slice. I think it is a much better deal to get the two pieces of chesse pizza and a drink for $5 in the end.I am not crazy for this place, but I like it enough to use it for a fast meal on the go.|1|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|xCWzcZwop5AZZmTBUKZmeg|4|This has already been reviewed countless times but I may as well give my praise. This place is fresh, cozy, and makes a great cup of coffee. You need a quick smack in the face to wake up? Grab a tobe' (coffee+shot). Even if you need a bite to eat or just want to casually sit around (but not too long; other customers want a table too, damnit!), this is the place to be. Great service, great environment, and just a classic hipster hang out. If you don't like hipsters, then...You know what? Just get over it. They're people too and they just add to the coffee shop experience.Other places on Thayer are okay, but this gem tucked away on the underrated Wickenden Street is the place to beat. No wifi between 10-5 (I think) but that's okay. If you sit around drinking tobe's all day, you got serious issues and should leave anyway.Peace.|0|0|0
3Fl9FLuDyOiqXOU8iM2Aqw|waOHBCR_5QaQBBQ5yryYrw|4|If you need a little break from life's hectic moments, this is a great place escape to! The refreshing mint tea is delicious and relaxing. The service is perfect and the owner (who works there most of the time) is very accommodating, without being overbearing. The decor is a modern Moroccan that has a very  earthly feeling derived from hues of brown and camel with pops of rich reds blues and greens  from accent pillows, mosaic table tops, comfortable cushions, and some green plants. This calm space, is very much unlike the classic colonial gathering grounds found in most of providence. There is a certain serenity at Tea in Sahara I can't seem to find at other places.|0|0|0
wMXggu190ZT0smWMicTG-g|UIGqdtcUKihPFdZG8tDCSg|4|I have been here a number of time and have yet to have a bad meal .Being from Ma. I find it hard to understand how some R.I's think ,this place is a cool little fun spot not Micky D's come in sit down chill out and enjoy what this place is .  Try this place ,ask for Gina and she will make sure you are happy both when you are there and when you leave|0|0|0
EqOxdxn_ziCSkj988ERTgw|sWSUzMUVcZcDJs5ZxzCkVw|1|My boyfriend and I went here for Valentines Day last  night. My boyfriend spent $180  on a few tiny meals that were very unsatisfying and then was lied to about what we were supposed to get for our money. All their advertisments clearly state that a glass of champagne comes with the $65 meal! When I asked our waitress  if any drinks came with the meal she rudely said "NO" I go out to eat A LOT and have never felt this way. I feel sick to my stomach about the money we spent on this shitty place. I could tell you something wrong with every meal we received. My entree course was the steak and was pretty much all fat, the oysters were fishy and small, the meat looked and tasted like deli roastbeef, and not to mention i received ONE scallop on my plate and that was considered a "course"? This expirience ruined our Valentines Day!! I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone. When I complained they tried to offer me a $50 gift card! HAHA what a joke. I expect a full refund of our $160 wasted on this AWFUL place!|1|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|DzUwQFXHEO0ISRp4WLcB0A|1|It's not that hard to make a crepe. Somehow, theirs all taste bad.|0|0|0
v0cGdCsOi2VbXj2Mg5BxpQ|A_HWWJ4PO3nG9IRlfZjNbQ|5|While it is a tiny restaurant, the food here is fabulous. I love the bulgogki and the bi bim bab. it is nice to have a local Korean restaurant just down the street. The staff is always friendly and eager to recommend.|1|0|1
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|3xZ1FP3UEcTaaOELOjN7ZA|4|Came here after being dragged to the mall...... If your even remotely near this location it is a Must Visit. Small quaint seating..... Limited menu with specials... That being said its brilliant..... What they choose to do is done with perfection and flare|0|0|0
MXBuC9ys4RCJB9xPYYY8Lg|1hJJXtCULGN8NT2dQtYbMg|5|Neath's WAS Providences best restaurant, unequivocally. Now it is closed. It was in a beautiful space. It had an amazing wine list. It had incredible service, jazz bar downstairs and the most innovative cuisine in town. Asian fusion with a flair for the discerning pallate, (curries and escargo..?!?) It has been replaced by an expensive Italian place that specializes in making its own cured meats. Just what we need, another fucking Italian restuarant....not like you can see Cappriccio's right from the window or anything. Typical: escargo out, salami in. Thanks Providence, for yet another kick in the culinary bean bag.|1|2|1
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|pivb4evbwCxbPZW8PMqEqQ|4|If you like really good coffee, like to grind your own beans (or just brew pre-ground), like to smell like a coffee house for a good two hours later, then this is the place for you. The line at the counter stretches to the door for a reason. This is clearly the place to be for coffee in all its forms. The baristas fix your coffee and dole out your beans with smiley efficiency. The beans are a bit expensive, but it's one of those get-what-you-pay-for situations. You can taste the quality. The only problem is I go through the coffee faster because it tastes so damned good! I'm an iced coffee freak, I will drink it in the winter time, alright? It's an inevitable coffee high with their iced coffee... if you haven't already gotten a contact buzz from their roasted beans.|0|0|0
SKfMzNiCSCURK2ATaZFzZQ|BN1fakN3E_JUw12r-oWgeA|3|I'll start with the good:Beer selection is very good. Nice variety of brews from around the country  (and world to a lesser degree) organized by state. As a craft beer fan I could certainly find plenty of things to drink.The place is decorated very nicely. Granite bar and cool wall paint. Like the fireplace at the door. Outdoor patio (although I did not use it) seemed really chill and would be an excellent place to sit and have a late afternoon beer.What needs work:Prices. Some of the beers were priced very fairly. These are the ones I drank. Others were way too expensive. Like WAY too expensive. For example: $9 for an 8 oz pour of Delirium Tremens? I've had Tremens often enough at other bars to know that this is crazy. It costs the bar about $1.65 for 8 oz of Tremens. Drop this price to $6 and I'd have no complaints.Music volume. Sound system is nice but not appropriate to pump it when there are only 5 people in the bar. I understand that there is a DJ hired for the evening and I'd have no problem with the loud music if the place was busier, but for a slow night when I'd rather just have a conversation than dance, turn the music down a touch.I'll go back again in a month to see if anything has improved, but for now there are plenty of other beer bars with much more reasonable prices.|1|0|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|o-8vkA2jc5d96oP9SXAmrA|4|Nice for a special occasion. Way too expensive to become a regular; especially when just as fresh seafood at a fraction of the price is literally around the corner.|0|0|0
IL96KSxK3ov1m-1WQV8MLQ|4TCOItk-gIJROyNA5ftZ-Q|4|mexican mocha that is actually spicy, yay!|1|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|pHXVQ0ypzTd7Jy7qBDOAJw|3|I kind of just wind up here. It's not that Paragon's at the top of my list for neither food nor service nor ambiance, but this is a place I can count on. So that's worth something to me. Everything's pretty good, nothing's really special. Lots of good sandwich and salad options - I like the pre-order tension of not knowing what to order but feeling safe that it'll be fine no matter what.When I want to take out-of-town friends to Thayer St. (don't ask me why; it always seems like a better idea than it is) I like this as a lunch spot, especially sitting outside. And since they open up seating on the Viva side during the day, there's oodles of seating no matter how big the party. Personally, I don't like brunch buffets (except you, Rasoi). I think people behave weirdly at buffets, slipping into a primal survival mode that makes them oblivious to other human beings. Swiping the last banana nut muffin or getting one person ahead at the omelet station is of paramount importance in that very moment. Nope, I'll sit and wait to be served a dish prepared just for me, delivered by an impartial party.  Anyway... I don't like those sprawling weekend buffets here because it's the worst for that behavior.|0|0|0
BhjVNGhWBeWx-joM_xwS9w|SwVqXFmnWh6TDKCEba_Bcg|4|Love this place for lunch. The sandwiches are piled with deli meat but not so much that you can't fit your mouth around it. I appreciate good sandwich ratio. They all come with their housemade pickles. I don't even like pickles, but I sometimes eat these. Very lightly pickled, still crunchy, cucumbers, tomatoes and peppers. You can also get sandwiches to go.|1|0|0
wfS1G5lrjx_SGWBuG2690g|YKgIk60u7BtJ8vUNtlaerg|1|Moira D. hit the nail on the head with her perfect review. I had the misfortune of "dining" at Pot Au Phooey (as I think of it) a while back, and it was one of the single biggest culinary disappointments I've ever had. The upstairs dining room, where we unfortunately ate, was the singularly shabbiest restaurant space I've ever been in, and not in the annoyingly hip shabby-chic way either. It just looked worn out, tired, and very dated.The menu was a relic from 1978. There was absolutely zero effort put into anything, from specials, to desserts. The waitstaff looked like they were suffering from severe ennui and were woefully ignorant of basic French pronunciations. Inexcusable. Our food was a disaster. Overpriced, clumsily prepared and artlessly served. Seriously, there was not one redeeming thing about our meal, except that it ended and we left, never to return.This is an insult to real French food. I've been to France, as well as a number of other wonderful countries. To claim this is French food is laughable. Sorry, this may have been a good restaurant 30 something years ago, but they are clearly living on reputation alone. The saddest thing is that there appears to be no effort on the owners part about the lack of quality.|2|0|0
nWu8OljDYmLfbLQqcfW9Sw|tDX_a1iL90qwudZDNpyzPQ|4|The food is delicious every time. They are remarkably consistent, and while I have only ordered a sliver of the menu items, I haven't regretted the few times I branched out. This place is in competition with the other Korean restaurant almost directly across the street. My coworkers and I have an ongoing contest about which is the clear winner. It comes down to small things. They have a new tea bar, which probably puts it across the finish line with its across the street counter part. Also, this location can serve larger groups (6+) easily. They have a strange policy with the Kimchee though, which requires you to order from a list of select items in order to get it. The place across the street has no such restrictions and you can just ask for it.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|ziL8chrxFpGtA0oFQNUrwQ|4|Wow. I had the chicken gyro with a multitude of toppings (just about everything) including hummus, tzatiki and god-only-knows-what else. Whatever it was, it was amazing. And cheap. And huge. I should not have eaten the entire thing in one sitting. But I did. The only bummer besides the calories consumed is the location. I hate going to Thayer - it is always super crowded. This joint was no different. We sat at the front window and had a tough time getting up from our seats as the line to order was inches from our backsides. Perhaps the could consider reconfiguring the seating in the very front.|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|JwwfbyctdxYXiK5GIKLTPQ|4|just a yelp quicky-- i just had my one year anniversary dinner here... the staff was able to work with me on setting up a flower arrangement, so it would be sitting at our table waiting for us...dinner was slamming!we had the Grilled Pizza Margarita, Wood-Grilled Lamb Rib Chops with Salsa Verde, Roasted Hot Italian Sausage and Grapes. for dessert we had the Native Caramelized Pumpkin Tart (for 2).I also had a glass of barolo, ideal paring with my Lamb.surprisingly this dinner wasn't too expensive... the flowers cost more... LOLFlowers ($128.00)Dinner for Two ($121.00)|2|0|0
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|fnp3tT0TH8UPt2wc9kJGkQ|4|Bumping my review of Lola's up to 4 stars. My last experience there waaay back in September was not very great, but they have definitely redeemed themselves in my eyes.Last night I attended "Bluegrass & Burritos", a weekly bluegrass night in the upstairs cantina at lola's. The music was great, Molly's bar service was outstanding and the nachos... whoa... the nachos. I am so glad I had friends with me. I wouldn't have stood a chance against the amazing vegetarian nachos I ordered last night at lola's. The cheeps were of great quality and they were by far the cheesiest nachos I've ever battled in the state of RI. I will back back for more bluegrass... and more nachos.|3|1|2
E39pbLivZFnQQrUR7nLOkg|3XuxSvex3zN7IznwCmH5EA|4|Eddie & Son! This little hole in the wall saved me from the scary breakfast's offered at my dining hall in college. It is so cheap, $3-4 per breakfast entree! The food always came up fast and tasty, from pleasurable waitstaff. I really enjoyed meeting up with friends before class as this little place. As a bonus, the "down city" locals always provide a little entertainment during your meal.Is the son of Eddie's in Son the older man who always runs the cash register?|1|0|2
IL96KSxK3ov1m-1WQV8MLQ|5pBmHEAe58BHC_Kvngq32w|4|Stopped in today for a brief informal meeting and enjoyed a single cup of Costa Rica grown coffee served up in a single-sized French press.  I tend to take my cream and sugar with coffee- and I drank this black without complaint!I enjoyed the ability for outdoor seating, indoor: couches, tables, fresh flowers, and booths.  Friendly and knowledgeable staff (although some still being trained!  They have only been open for a month), but some room for improvement on the menu - a few pastry type items and sandwiches available, but they are new and I am sure over the next few weeks ordering/preparation will be more normalized.  Looking forward to having an additional option for getting out of the office and a great cup of coffee Downcity!|0|0|0
jfZXp0POls-M2cgSxsS8fw|e6CklzQiZfjUmSvx9IViYg|2|I agree with the previous reviewer whole-heartedly.  I think Asian Bistro might be trying to do too many things, and is unfortunately not succeeding at any of them.  This is not uncommon with restaurants that try to be everything for everyone.  The only exception I can think of is Apsara.A few coworkers and I ordered from here for lunch.  All of us chose sushi of different varieties.  I chose their sashimi lunch special with includes 14 pieces of fish and choice of miso soup or salad, and I chose the miso.  The sashimi wasn't particularly fresh or flavorful.  It wasn't so bad that I was afraid to try it, but it was easy to tell that it wasn't exactly the highest quality.  Fresh sashimi has great, distinctive flavor.  The sashimi from Asian Bistro was dull and it all tasted the same.  The miso soup was unimpressive as well, tasting like the kind you buy at a grocery store and reconstitute on your own.My coworkers ordered a variety of rolls and didn't seem to have any complaints, but I can't attest to whether or not they enjoyed their meal.  They did note, however, that the hot and spicy soup wasn't all that great.We also weren't terribly thrilled with the service.  We ordered take-out, drove 15 minutes to pick it up, drove 15 minutes back to the office, and then realized that part of our order was missing.  Perhaps we should have checked before we left the restaurant, but we shouldn't have to.  They were nice enough to give us free soup for our troubles.  All in all, I would suggest you go elsewhere for a sushi fix.|2|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|wEE-YMx5pmSuagLtNxMPKA|4|The Red Fez was a great stop on the way home from Nantucket. My bf (ha, well now fiance) try to hit up new spots all the time on our road trips and we really haven't uncovered Providence yet, so voila. Reading HHH's (the beautifully talented CM in PVD) reviews, I was having a hard time between a few restaurants downtown. I finally went with Red Fez as it seemed the most relaxed and the least expensive! The decor is dark, with indie music and so far the service was super warm and chill. I was liking this place. Everything was pretty damn cheap but, this is NYC talking. We went with a few things: the Fez poutine, the burger, the wings and the pulled pork. No alcoholic beverages since we were coming down from a liquid weekend. Everything was extremely tasty and the menu was a great varietal of all different types of food, I do have to say that this was a great pub though I didn't leave thinking anything was like outofthisworld I need to eat this again, hence the 4 and not 5 star review. The burger was $6 and was definitely a tasty treat, sadly/gladly reminded me of an In N Out burger. The patty was small so nothing to big which was nice since we were getting back in the car. The wings were extremely flavorful when eating and I think my man and I agreed those were our faves. They weren't your average buffalo wings, they had like the 13 spice dry rub on em. Definitely Asian influenced. The pulled pork was plentiful but, just extremely heavy for a summers night, and the sauce was pretty average. Nothing really stood out on the plate on this dish for me. The poutine, which I was so excited for, was french fries with a mayo like sauce (that was not plentiful at all) with fried cheese curds. Though a fried goodness was there, and I love that this is even an option on the menu, it was no Montreal poutine. The sauce: it wasn't poutine sauce like at all. And even if I wasn't the wildest fan for it, put more on those fries.Overall, this place is a great pub serving up some great bites and I would/will hit it up again if I didn't have/after 10 other PVD spots on my to-do list.|7|5|4
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|whmKFnSSA_s6VSDB_aRpMg|3|Yet to eat at Local 121, but I went here for a gig in the basement of the restaurant this evening.The doorman directed us to the bar as they misjudged the time it would take to set up the area. It ended up being 45 minutes after the time we were told. The bar upstairs served great drinks, but was crowded and tucked in such a small area while a huge dining area sat nearly empty. The drinks were delicious and moderately priced. The bar downstairs, on the other hand, served a more jack and coke/beer minimalist selection. Great bar in the restaurant, just don't expect much from this place as a gig venue.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|aAlKX_pPAhu3dIInG9guCQ|5|The best falafel! Hummus is a little bland but overall...yum!|1|0|0
04ZBAOo6ffXkhSICqngaIQ|D4un9kv2gb3jaPDS7NMELg|4|Tealuxe is a great place to go if you want a different alternative to just coffee. I was about to go to Blue State Coffee, but it was packed! I decided to go to Tealuxe because it has a laid back atmosphere. I got the Copley Vanilla Tea. It was a black tea and it came in its own personal pot. It smelled like cake! The prices are reasonable, only $3.87. The service was great too. This place is a must if you consider yourself an East Sider.|1|0|1
t0CBd_dgyztTvUkGX5fPBg|pbQgFiv8Jog1RpDhCEZUbg|5|Delicious bagels! There's lots of variety, but I'm usually just looking for a tasty onion bagel with cream cheese.|0|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|_Ardknj5q_vTucN5Kuxn1g|1|I just don't know about this place...I don't get it.Yeah its nice to make your own food, it fits a small niche, I'll give them that.But the quality of food and the time alone it takes to go from entering the restaurant to actually having food on your plate is ridiculous...!Horrible staff (I think they already know they are going to get a crappy tip because it is buffet style eating).  Just avoid this place...|0|0|0
L3uemg97EJZ1SfjEE60Qvw|BuC9XytuFDp2HUYLGqBisw|3|Stopped by recently due to all the hype.  I found the text message system to be easy to use to find them, but my first try came up empty as they seemed to have left the locale slightly early.I was there for lunch, so I ordered a chicken burrito.  While it was quite large and enjoyable, I did not find it to be the transcendent food experience that others have.  To me it was just an ave or slightly above average burrito.  If we lived in san fran, it would be getting 1-2 stars, but for providence, 3 stars seems fair.I am guessing if I had eaten post bar hopping then I would think slightly higher of the place|1|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|plOtZruZJ-rxF7VCgeS40A|5|Here's a place that gets the details right, from the elegant and romantic decor, to the fresh-baked bread (go for the whole wheat honey-glazed beer bread), the amuse-bouche and petite fours that bookend the meal, the pallete cleansers between courses.  The three-course prix fixe meal is a great value.  The food is amazing, the cocktails are delicious and creative, and the service is prompt, knowledgable, and friendly.It's obvious why this place prompts so many five-star reviews.  They do it right, and if you're in the area, you should give this place a try.|0|0|0
AKfHinPZ5vdPdHRzpvSWtw|SRi_eNdXJUUdJeAQ3F4oNw|3|Decent Korean food.  Side dishes (phanchan)= adequate.  Odly enough, i miss having potatoe salad as part of the selection.  In California, Korean restuarants consistently carry potatoe salad as a side dish.  Dont know where that comes from.  I ordered deehjang jegee ( feremented bean paste soup) with veges and a pan fried mackeral.  My wife ordered dumpling soup.  They served there purpose.  Nothing to rave about.  Having lived in S. Kali for 30 some odd years my taste for asian foods and especially korean food is quite refined, howver, since moving to CT i had to lower my standards if i am to enjoy my food.|0|0|1
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|StSIHFXhos-7oIXKJbzNnw|5|I like to write reviews based on gift certificates I give my parents or others. Why? Because it is even more important to me that when I send someone to a restaurant, that they enjoy, than it is for me to enjoy when I go on my own. On that note, this review is on behalf of my parents'. I sent them here a few months ago. They are a bit picky, so they tend not to "rave" but Mills Tavern was an exception! They said the service was perfect, their table was lovely, the food was fantastic, and they would go back in a heartbeat. I was so glad they loved it. I have been to the bar myself and have to say the service is always top notch and their wine selection is expansive. Very nice ambiance. If you want to enjoy a special "splurge" meal, or want to give the gift to someone you care about, Mills Tavern all the way!|0|0|0
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|JwwfbyctdxYXiK5GIKLTPQ|4|When it comes to asian food, would someone non-Asian giving a review on sushi has any weight? Would you ask a plumber for USA PATRIOT and Terrorism Prevention Reauthorization Act of 2005 financial advice? NO, I didn't think so. I'm Asian so LISTEN UP!-=Dcor=-I was quickly seated and had wonderful Dim Lighting in a Romantic setting. *wink* *wink* This is truly a tiny restaurant... maybe a front of a house converted into a little dinner.  The dcor is very unique but I felt at home. -=Service=-Service was prompt. My glass of water never came close to the half empty point. The servers didn't have a system so both of them tried to take my order... but the first server was very knowledgeable for what is on the menu and how it was cooked.-=Food=-I didn't waste any time! Main entry right away! I had to see what all the hype was about! Rice and Fish are the main staple of the typical Cambodian diet though many dishes are prepared with beef, pork or chicken. Sea food is abundant in coastal areas with shrimps and crab among the favorites. This includes fish-cooked in coconut milk and a variety of soups, and curries similar in taste though not in spiciness to Thailand. Truly an authentic Cambodian joint! I love the food!!!Side Note: they do accept credit cards for any order over $15.00I'll recommend this restaurant to anyone and everyone who isn't scared of Khmer Food Menu Cambodian authentic food!|2|2|1
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|FqSUiRhgMw8Q69CPt3r2Qg|5|2/20/10Al FornoI read several reviews and got tidbits from each. It's all here In a nut shell.For details read further.New wait staff no more snooty wait staffHard to fine Gps had  a problem finding it.Finding th ENTERANCE was like a treasure huntNo SignageGo early to avoid 2hr waitsPizza appetizer a must MUST HAVE THE DESSERT.I was ready for the snooty wait staff and was  pleasantly surprised when that didn't happen. I talked to our waitress about what I saw on Yelp. She informed me they made some changes for the better and it showed.I suggest setting your GPS on 'shortest distance" other wise you'll be on the highway above the place as the GPS tells you "you have reached your destination". The Restaurant is  in a very INDUSTRIAL area. The gps got us to the kitchen entrance of Al Forno there was a very small sing stating so. From this location you can figure how to get around to the front of the building.Remember I said there was no sigh well finding the front door was an adventure. you walk through a gated patio with a ramp leading to a door in front of you (that's not  it) to the left and set back a little is another door ( in you go.) Satff  greets you and directs you upstairs or down.  Reviews suggested eating upstairs it's less  noisy. I can't comment on that we had a party of 20 that was verrry loud which made everyone else speak up to be heard I'm sure this is not the norm.Every review said have the appetizer pizza I agree it's a must. I don't usually have desert but we ordered the apple crisp for two you can tell it's made fresh just for you not sorry as all calories be damn.|1|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|_VPWXIDg45tNxY9tNHlrcQ|4|I give it five stars because my favorite dish in town is here, Chicken Tikka Masala. I've tried this exact dish and similar ones at their competition and none them come close. It's not favorite restaurant but they make my favorite dish.|0|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|ShjMnpkZS3HnkoRoCeWMJw|4|Yep.  It's good. We were pointed this direction by DDD as well, and we're thankful for it.    We stopped on a Monday around noon and found a table for four and settled in with orders of granola pancakes, barbeque chicken ravioli and the Drunk Johnny omelete.Drunk Johnny: Five stars.  AWESOME home made corned beef hash inside, it was teriffic.  Gooey cheese, great combo.Granola Pancakes: Four and a half stars.  Unbelievably tasty combo with the fruit and oats in the pancake.  My kids were done eating them before my wife and I were halfway through our orders.Barbeque ravioli :  Two and a half stars.  This was the lone disappointment, I didn't really enjoy it, not a lot of flavor, sadly.  It had such potential, but was a no go.All in all, I'd go back again if given the chance.  Nice, ecletic atmosphere, very friendly waitstaff.AND BONUS:  I forgot that we ordered some of the muffins to go, Carrot Zucchini, Chocolate, Pumpkin and Bran.  They're more like mini loaves of bread than muffins, they're huge!|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|buK41T4yVMmqYD0sYCBjyw|5|Service was good. Great food!|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|jAmxocKBkFOl9SuVdQ6HAQ|4|One of the better thin crust pizzas I have ever had. The crust has the right balance between crispiness and chewiness. They always have a wide selection of pizzas available by the slice as well as fresh salads. Their menu also has hot and cold sandwiches but I've always been very happy with the pizza.|0|0|0
1-WF9A4i-0fI8XxCFbqrTA|xK5mpFzMTY4xxCGjK1Uw6w|3|I experienced Ricks in an interesting way. My first experience was at night, during a Celtics playoff game.  Loud, ruckus, sporty, New England sports fans everywhere.  I had a bucket of beers, said hi to some old friends, and left post haste. Hated it. But I did have time to peek at the menu, and...I came back the very next day for lunch! We were the only ones there, it was a gorgeous day and the BBQ was good.  Not exceptional by any means, but never the less delicious, satisfying, and I left happy.  Other Yelpers seem to love or hate this spot.  Most compare it to amazing BBQ they've had down south, or in Texas, or out West, or anywhere but here.  I've been to many of those places, both good and bad, saucy, vinegary, sloppy, etc.  But this is Rhode Island.  Clam cakes abound.  I give Ricks 3 stars, but wouldn't think twice about returning here to eat again.  The pulled pork sandwich was great, the ribs were yumsville, and I washed it all down with a cold beer and some nice conversation.  Oh and I quite enjoyed the fried pickles as well.  There seems to be a lack of BBQ joints in the PVD, so I'm glad Ricks is holding it down.|0|0|0
7oPD0Kg-BEpMzYt-Z9QY2g|1YwqBzvZLmV3XQ5vrcE6DQ|2|It's almost not worth reviewing this place, because their name is "Eat" not "Eat 82" as Yelp lists them. I guess they add the 82 because they are at 82 Weybosset. In any event, you'll not easily find this review.That said, I want to help out my fellow Yelpers. This is one to avoid.Try to imagine three twentysomethings help captive and forced to work in a sandwich shop. Go that picture in your mind? Well then, welcome to Eat, where the guy making your sandwich is talking on his cellphone and the person taking our order never makes eye contact.As for the food, that sandwiches are competent, but way overpriced. A simple Reuben on regular sized piece of bread, a back of chips and a can of soda is going to set you back $10+.Being downtown, this place has a captive audience. But seriously, make a PB&J and take it to work, you'll feel better about yourself and so will I.|2|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|vkAxL83AwdnSEgVBsC3cGw|4|I am no stranger to Ethiopian cuisine, oddly enough. It's my favorite food in the world, and I make a point to find a place pretty much anywhere I live/visit. Abyssinia was certainly a welcome addition to Providence, as there are no Ethiopian places until you get to Boston! I tried Abyssenia over the weekend, and I must say it's really quite tasty! We had the veggie sambussa to start-- very good, and the meat combo for the entree. the yesega alcha was some of the best i've tasted across the country, actually, so i recommend that one highly. the key wot was merely "okay"...bland sauce -- a bit disappointing because I got a few mouthfuls of sharp bones in that one. All of the veggie dishes are also quite good, the cabbage and yellow lentils being outstanding. A lovely meal and a good price. I'm so glad you're here, Abyssinia, I'll be coming back!|1|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|cHLEv4ADdvAv7u9h7B3WFA|5|Gracie's is a great place to go if you have parents visiting or are looking for a romantic evening with your significant other. Please note that it is pricey, but you are paying for the ambiance and food. We also went once with a group of friends (around 12-15) and they sat us at a long table the floor below.My favorite time here was recently with my fiance. He ordered the 3 course prix fixe meal with the duck. I ordered the scallops a la carte. The prix fixe meal starts at $30, with extra money added for certain foods (like the foix gras, steak, etc). We each ordered a drink as well. The meal came out to around $80. It was VERY romantic, and our waiter was excellent. Several times during the meal he brought us little tastings (including a sorbet to start out with, a tuna tartare and at the end a macaroon), as "compliments of the chef". Everything was lovely. Make sure to make reservations. Also this is a dress-up place, so don't wear jeans.|0|0|0
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|QbcI5G8Qj2X5jV-ncrHnww|1|In a city with as many amazing restaurants as Providence, there is absolutely no reason to go to a place as horrific as the cheesecake factory.  But people do, and I just don't get it.  I've been there about three times and it is always jam-packed with people.  It's like the mall at christmas time every day in that restaurant.  Here's just a short list of why the Cheesecake factory is crap.Overpriced.The food is mediocre.The decor is atrocious.It is incredibly loud. And my biggest complaint--the unforgiveable--THERE ARE ADVERTISEMENTS IN THE MENU (sorry to shout) As if it's not annoying enough to pay those kind of prices for lame food, they are actually trying to sell you things right there as you decide on what to eat.  I found that so appalling that I actually wrote an email to the company.  They replied with: "Thank you for e-mailing us regarding your dining experience at our ProvidenceCheesecake Factory restaurant. I apologize that you were offended by the advertisements in our menu. For the past 20 years we have included advertisements to promote area businesses and to compliment our "book-style" menu. It was not our intention to offend you. I will certainly share your comments with our company executives."The ads are not for area businesses, they are for handbags, cruises and the like.  And how does adding ads make something "book-style"?  Books don't have ads, you morons, magazines do.I have more complaints about this business, but I'll just link to them: http://ladyandria.wordpress.com/2008/07/21/the-best-macaroni-cheese-in-providence-outing-three-cheesecake-factory/|1|1|0
B0_HY1F7bUqB3ONhy73udQ|mGVtRSXn0iUcjyPwqSzn6A|4|I have to be honest, I'm puzzled by the bad reviews. I've been here 4 or 5 times and I confess I really like it. I don't think its expensive. Are the prices a little higher on some items than at other places? Maybe, but frankly the difference seems negligible to me AND this place is cute inside and the bathrooms are always immaculate.  I've eaten at all the Mexican places around here and I think they have the best margaritas in town. They have a margarita special on Mondays or tuesdays, I can't remember all I know is I left happy and it didn't cost me a fortune. And I really don't find the food to be bland. Now, I always get the tacos and I've had the burrito and nibbled on whatever my girlfriend gets but neither of us has ever said 'meh, bland' and their green salsa is great. I should add the tacos are the same price as my absolute favorite tacos ever in Central Falls. I have my favorite dishes at just about every place around (except Tortilla Flats..see my review for full details) but for me Viva Mexico does everything pretty well at a convenient location with great service.  I brought a foodie friend after work one day and we both left happy and full. I'll keep going back for sure.|1|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|pOjgCTg0sXvGVcJETxcq5g|5|Great food, great service, and great prices!!! Needless to say I love it here!So the pressed sandwiches are great and may I suggest the half soup half sandwich  , that is what I normally get because I love  their bisque. In addition there are 20 cent wings after 5 everyday this is such a great deal and their wings are fantastic! Another great deal is their $3 draft beer and $2 bottled beer this price all the time.While in providence for the weekend I came here for lunch and then after I found out the restaurant that I wanted to go to for dinner had shut down I came back to Cuban revolution for dinner, yes came here twice in one day because the food is just that good.|0|0|1
3Fl9FLuDyOiqXOU8iM2Aqw|RWNJrfBf5l6lnoFWqAm5pQ|5|We stopped in here on a whim one afternoon, having a little time to kill. I'm so glad we did. It's lovely inside and just small enough to be intimate without being cramped. There are two rooms; I got the impression that the back room is more for hookah. We sat up front.We ordered a combination platter. It doesn't seem to be listed on the website, but it's mostly what you'd expect for middle eastern fare: hummus, roasted eggplant, grape leaves, and pita strips. What I didn't expect was a roasted pepper dish that was great. The grape leaves were amazing. I am not normally a fan, but these were a wonderful exception.And, of course, we got tea. The prices might look a little daunting, but first, they're on par with coffee shop prices and second, what you get for the price is worth it. The large was enough for my husband and I to refill our glasses twice, as well as share some with our baby daughter.The staff was more than accommodating, explaining items on the menu and service was very quick. We had a great afternoon. It's well worth a visit. Street parking, not usually my favourite, was no problem. It's just far enough from Wickenden Street that it's not hard to find a decent spot.|1|0|1
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|x5CMZDlNRZgwpliJy63SIw|2|My friend and I decided to try the fairly new restaraunt last weekend as we had both heard "rave" reviews about Harry's.  The previous location of Chinese Laundry, hasn't much changed.  There are 3 floors; the first 2 are dining and the bottom floor is a bar area, there is also a bar on the 2nd floor when you first walk into the establishment.  The drink menu was unique and the food menu was okay; definitely some different burger choices; all of their burgers are sliders.  Fries and side dishes are purchased seperately.  The food was okay, I've definitely had better burgers elsewhere.  The waitstaff were friendly and knowledgeable.  The quarters are tight; we were basically sitting with the people next to us and you have to be a size 2 to squeeze in between the tables to sit on the bench if you don't take the chair.  I don't know that I'd go back there again, but I can see this being a good spot to go for college kids to stop in for cheap eats.|0|0|0
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|d_gt7E-ldc5zAZ0TVUnTYw|4|I really enjoy coming to Andrea's. Their food is consistently good, both at brunch and for dinner, and I've never had a particularly bad experience with the service. I was here last night for a late dinner and it was surprisingly busy. My bf and I were seated right away and our waitress greeted us warmly within a couple of minutes. I ordered a glass of one of the house Greek white wines (from Crete I think) and he had a margarita. I really enjoyed the wine and it paired nicely with my dinner (and was a total bargain for $5.50!). To start, we shared the baked feta appetizer, which has become one of our absolute favorites on the menu. It's a generous slab of broiled feta that's seasoned with herbs, olive oil, sun-dried tomatoes, and capers and served with warm pita. I seriously crave this dish! My only complaint is that they never serve enough pita bread with it and we have to order extra, which costs a whopping $1. For my entree, I had the Greek salad topped with grilled shrimp and it was excellent! It came with three perfectly grilled jumbo shrimp and loaded with fresh cucumbers, tomatoes, red onions, olives, and crumbled feta. I got the dressing on the side because I don't like it to get to soggy and our waitress happily obliged. My bf had the grilled swordfish sandwich on focaccia, which looked good but I opted not to try (not a big swordfish fan). Service throughout the meal was attentive, but not intrusive. Even though the restaurant was full, I never felt like we were being hurried or rushed out to turn the table. We opted out of dessert and instead ended the night with crepes from the Creperie down the street. For two drinks, an appetizer, and two entrees, we spent right around $50 (before tip), which is really reasonable in my opinion. We've been here on numerous occasions and have actually found brunch to be a great time to come. Service has always been fabulous on weekend mornings because it's not quite as crowded. I also like that they offer a mix of Mediterranean and American breakfast/brunch items. Andrea's is a perfect place to sit outside and enjoy drinks and appetizers on a warm summer night. I encourage you to give it a try!|0|0|0
PPsQwCCtPPXcpgy_kCyfFQ|t_a-JCQSLAZFC73ZViTSqA|2|Boo!  Was very hungry. Looked like they made good sandwiches. But Cafe La France does not take credit cards, I had no cash, so had to take my business elsewhere.|1|0|1
BxmSFfCPQN_bg24l44a56Q|2dlbgjG-RAkW5IrKP-qJ7w|4|Great new restaurant.  Gorgeous building.  Great food.  Some may complain  the portions are small, but it is nice to be able to try a few different things on the menu without feeling stuffed.Improvements:The place does feel empty.  Hopefully over time they will add more tables or bar furniture to fill in the space.The place needs to be more formal.  The building is very ornate, suggesting a more formal environment.  The musicians were in black tie, wait staff in black, and most diners in at least business casual or better.  Yet the bar tenders were dressed very casual, the sommelier was in jeans, and the dining table chairs were very cheap and uncomfortable.  Some of the diners were also in jeans and flannel.  As we were finishing up dinner a group of three in jeans, tshitrts, and heavily tattooed, came in and pulled up chairs to a table of nicely dressed young ladies (apparently friends) who had been eatting dinner.  One of the guys in a tshitrt brought in a can of beer wrapped in one of those foam beer holders with him.  Not what you expect in such an ornate building.  The restaurant should be a bit more consistent and formal with their own staff dress, get more formal and comfortable chairs, encourage more formal dress, and not let people bring in cans of beer.Add a few less adventurous items to the menu.  While the food was great, the menu is short, with creative dishes.  Adding a few additional main stream dishes for less adventurous diners in parties would probably help business.|0|0|0
_BG8WroxU2JbZSij6VWx_A|p3SDtQJNFPfnIzN2ziNlgA|4|always a treat|0|0|0
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|fT5FCPk8MWxsm-Ir-_4doA|5|I've been here a bunch of times.  Really good Greek food and good service.  It can take a while to get a table on a weekend if you have a group, but the waitstaff is really helpful and will try to get you in.|0|0|0
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|1ixwaiLKd_xsrKN0x2BYkA|3|The wait is terrible.  We waited 45 minutes for a table, then when we went to check on it we were told it would be another 45 minutes.  While you wait there is nowhere to sit/stand, it's so awkward.  The menu is HUGE, and the food is always good.  I got the Bang Bang chicken and shrimp.  I loved the flavor but it's one of those that is just a tad too strong and stays with you for the rest of the evening.  Our waitress was super nice and dealt with our loud drunk asses with a smile.  I always swear I won't come back on a weekend but that's always when we find ourselves there and always regret it.  The parking garage was built by drunken monkeys, but once you figure out which entrance to use it's not so bad since this is on the first floor.  Worth it just for the cheesecake alone!|1|0|1
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|seoDhKRxvNA6UmsOGFQt0Q|4|A great place for a drink, whether it be caffeinated or alcoholic, in a classy and cool atmosphere.  They have a small, but good draft beer selection and an even larger selection of bottles.  I believe that they are better known for their cocktails, but I am more of a beer girl.  I look forward to trying their food eventually, but have only gone for drinks so far.  Their coffee, iced and hot, is pretty damn good as well.  I had their iced coffee and it was strong and delicious.  My friend had a mocha, which was artfully prepared and came with a cute little cookie as a garnish.  Tazza is a great place to meet for after work drinks or for a romantic dinner.  Their service is fast, friendly, and spot on.  The space is large and modern, with a great set up.  There are tables for large groups and smaller ones for a more intimate meeting.  My favorite part about Tazza is that they sponsor one of my favorite events of the summer in Providence, Movies on the Block.  They sell food and drinks that you can partake in outside while you cuddle up to your sweety and watch the movie that is playing in Grant's Block.|0|0|0
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|46Yv-Uy6Z3mJdPlFDOmVyA|4|Whenever it's raining, all I need is some UBBQ chili. Always warms my belly and puts a big smile on my face.  It's so hearty, and it has corn ... just the way it should be. It's not fire hot, but if you're like me and want it that way - there's plenty of Frank's Red Hot hanging around.The tamales are wonderfully authentic, wrapped like little Christmas gifts in a corn husk. Aaand they're 2 for less than 3 bucks. Yes, Please.Saving the planet by delivering BBQ goodness in a smartcar? Yeah, they do that too.My favorite here? Sweet potato fries. Do it.They are closed on Mondays, and around Thanksgiving/Christmas they take a whole mess of time off, so call and check the hours.|2|1|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|5OqKikoeSFMicmy4qP4d3g|3|I'm alittle undecided with Fellini's Pizzeria. On one hand it is has a great selection of pizzas, served by the slice. On the other hand, like many have mentioned in this review section. the prices are on the high side. This place was recommended to me by a friend for their steak and cheese pizza. which was very tasty. the problem with a place like this is I would much rather pay alot less for a moderate pizza then a high price for a great pizza. Papa Ginos for example is where price meets quality for me and is my "go to" place for all things pizza related. Another thing that ways on the unfavorable side is that other places in cities like boston have done it better. For example. "Upper Crust" where the prices are similarly high, but the size of the slices you get are well worth it. I will reserve harsh judgment for now but I will say, unles your craving that specialty pizza that only can be found here. its not worth the price for something like a quick bite on a budget.Parking:Terrible.. unless your lucky enough to get a spot on the very busy street. your almost out of luck as far as thats concerned.|1|0|0
P2r5tl57DWK5AcZ_GiSvWg|1hJJXtCULGN8NT2dQtYbMg|1|Total poop. A ravenous T-Rex couldnt chew this crust. Expensive. Worse than Dominoes. They have had a "Help Wanted" sign in the window for half a decade. I think their pizza wrote it, and wants help because it realizes it is fucking terrible. Fellini's is two blocks away. Go there.|5|11|3
I8dgF5_UENHKJwb0k8J49Q|EQloo51OzlB0pryitNFfNw|4|Not-very-important update ahead:The food is good but not 5-star-worthy, but I was definitely onto something with the service. :) I wandered in, wanting to bake tortilla chips, so instead of taking a Zipcar to a grocery store, I figured I'd try to buy some tortillas off of Baja's. They were very nice and charged me under $3 for a huge stack of corn tortillas. And they threw in some cilantro (I'm pretty sure) for free because I asked nicely. Viva Baja's indeed.|1|0|1
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|V24J8R-1FojmFJfmjhhthw|5|I had never eaten Ethiopian or Eritrean food before, but grew up in the middle east eating Indian and Palestinian/Jordanian cuisine, and this restaurant reminded me of a wonderful combination of the two.  I highly recommend this place to anybody who is not a chicken nuggets and fries only kind of person.The Injera, slightly sour pancake like sour dough bread on the bottom was delicious.  I found out from the manager that they actually toned down the sourness from the traditional recipe because many Americans did not appreciate it very much.  I thought it complimented the other menu items nicely and made the palatable experience more exciting.  It also helped to balance the spice in some dishes and add flavour to the milder ones.The heat from the spicier dishes was not too strong, but this is all personal perception and greatly differs based on your spice threshold, and the mixture of spices and seasonings were truly amazing.  I loved the combinations!  I had a vegetarian mix, which was so satisfying and filling.  My entire group was surprised at how full they felt even though the portions they had did not look large.  This place really does prove that quality will outdo quantity!I also loved eating with the injara with my friends.  It brings you together, and after a while you get the hang of it and feel so much more connected to the experience.  The experience is part of the tradition of their dining, and I hope more people embrace it and support them.The staff were friendly and accommodating and I will definitely be going back.  Overall and amazing experience!|0|0|0
mMbrhKD5kE5pLBi76BQbpA|rsLdeMcDfd33gdmyrGmJcA|4|I liked this place, unfortunately I stopped by early this week and it was closed with a sign that said it is closed, probably indefinitely. I wonder why; it always seemed busy when I went there.|1|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|3awRMWQleAc5TvvnxO0lPw|2|Good for drinks, bad for food!|1|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|ZBx4G7WYHtAMJF7BP4FdPQ|4|Great beer selection and better sliders selection. What isn't there to like?  My boyfriend and I tried 1 with pulled pork, 1 made Cuban-style with ham & mustard, and 1 with a little chili. The pulled pork was certainly the best of the 3, but we enjoyed them all.  I'm a girl that loves French fries, and these were fantastic. Was quiet on a Tuesday night, but that was okay with us. Service was a little slow, but our server was in training, so we were okay with it. I've waited tables, I understand.|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|zBWePZiBcAJxvb3MKYqFRw|4|Me , my mother, and my best friend were walking down Wickenden Street when we came across this cute little place. We loved that it was called The Duck and Bunny but we were hesitate to go in at first because under neath the name it said a snuggery. We weren't really sure what they meant by a "snuggery" until we walked in. It is a small interesting place with a cozy interior. No this was not a place to go with my mother or my friend. It is really meant for couples being that you are practically sitting on top of one other which is fine if you are on a date. The tea that I wanted they ran out of which was upsetting so the waitress gave us a selection that we might like. She even gave us the bigger teapot for free since they ran out of the flavor we originally wanted. We ended up getting a peach tea and some type of green tea. Both were very tasty. My mother got crepes that she enjoyed. I will definitely go back to this place but next time with my boyfriend.|0|0|0
I8dgF5_UENHKJwb0k8J49Q|0bf854a1nA-eN15Hq7gdKQ|4|LOved it! I had a veggie burrito.. Lots of fresh toppings to load into your burrito. Also had the loaded nachos. Flat screen tv at every booth- thought that was cool.  I have walked past it before, however, decided to try it out. Full. I will return.|1|0|1
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|NQwO3eYavdNOy5hmC5fq7w|5|Yet again, another 5 star review for this place- BUT WELL DESERVED!I finally got to experience the amazingness that is Gracie's last night, and boy was it unforgettable.  First of all- the ambiance alone gives this place 5 stars.   Stars everywhere, dim lighting, comfy benches with pillows, attentive staff, etc...so great!  My boyfriend and I split a bottle of wine- which the server helped us pick out- fantastic choice by her, and we loved it.  The fresh bread was also great, I loved the classic french baguette, and with the homemade butter, I could have filled up on it alone!  We then decided to go with the prix fixe menu that begins at $40 (some special dishes have a slight upcharge, but well worth it).  I started with the gnocchi and he had the poached egg.  The gnocchi was the BEST I have ever had, no lie! It melted in my mouth with bursts of flavor- incredible.  For entree I chose chicken ballotine and he had duck, both dishes were completely out of this world with impeccable presentation!  We both completely devoured our plates, not a drop was left.  Dessert time! I had the creme brulee and he had the cheese platter.  Again- perfection and devoured in its entirety.  We will absolutely, positively, 100% be returning to Gracie's, without a doubt.  Next time, we are going to try the 7-course wine pairing dinner- I know it will be well worth the steep $90 price.|1|0|1
kATS8uEAIQfeD66JypmgaQ|iJMDvVg6Mgl43is4XxIKsA|5|Any place that makes a note of learning how you pronounce your last name (mine's a bit of a doozy) and then makes it a point to refer to you by name (both from greeting to farewell) is a 5 star joint in my book.  As soon as we got here, we were treated with some of the best service I've ever had anywhere.  The hostess was very polite and confirmed how to pronounce my name (from my reservation) and then seated us.  Soon thereafter our waiter Adam came by and welcomed me by name, then admitted he had been practicing back in the kitchen, haha.  He was very helpful with everything, from the selection of our wines, to making great recommendations on all of our food (the blue cheese crust is sensational!), to always checking in with us and making great conversation whenever he was around.  The manager even stopped by to introduce herself and offer her assistance in any way she could.  They were all on top of their game for sure.  Service = A++.Now for the food.  Speechless.  There really are no words to describe how good everything was, except maybe to say that my dining companions agreed that this was the best steak they've ever had.  I, of course, already knew this, having been to another Ruth's Chris location in the past :)  They broil their steaks in an 1800 degree oven and serve them sizzling on 500 degree plates.  That alone seems supernatural to me!  You definitely can't do this at home.  Like I said, the blue cheese crust is sooooo good!  A few bucks extra, but totally worth it.  I had a petite filet and stuffed lobster combo, one of their current specials (check out the pics I posted).  It was heavenly!  Our sides where nothing short of heaven either.  The Lyonnaise potatoes were crispy and oniony and so absolutely delicious.  The broccoli au gratin was creamy and rich, making the possibly boring broccoli into something sensational!This place is not cheap by any means, but it's one of those few places that seems really really worth the splurge.  The food, the service, everything is spot on (along with complimentary valet... I'm SO a fan of that).  Also, they offer lovely views of the river and its surroundings.  I definitely recommend Ruth's Chris anytime you are in need of some delicious and juicy cow ;-) YUM!!  You can't beat it!!|5|1|3
mdqwn32B4RVJI8_MQLXXHg|jamBToZqN8uNKPYkRX7yDw|5|One thing you should know before reading: I am a devout ice cream lover. I could eat it every day. Hard serve, soft serve, I don't care. Just give my the damn ice cream.I've had frozen yogurt in the past and really didn't care much for it. Any time I'd had it it was almost too tart for my liking. Since FroyoWorld opened, I've become slightly addicted to this particular brand of frozen yogurt. So much so that I could pass on regular ice cream for this treat without much thought. And Ben and Jerry's is just around the corner so for me, that's saying something.They always have the classic flavors: some kind of vanilla and some kind of chocolate (but with fancier names). Classic flavors means you can always get the classic vanilla/chocolate twist and know it will be good. But then something amazing happened this past summer, and it lasted for at least a week: COFFEE FROZEN YOGURT. I easily could have consumed the entire machine of it, but I decided to be a lady and get 8 ounces instead. You know, because that's so much better. Anyway, other popular flavors are birthday cake, fruity flavors and even cookies and cream. The toppings are fresh! First of all, there are so many of them you could make a delicious treat just out of toppings. But why would you do that? Pick your flavor(s) of frozen yogurt and then check it out. Fresh fruit, whipped cream, and lots of your regular toppings: oreo crumbles, sprinkles, toffee pieces, gummy bears.Yes, the place is small and crowds easily, but it's on Thayer Street so just walk up and down the street, find a place to sit if needed and just enjoy the frozen yogurt. Even on a cool, fall day, it's still a fun thing to do and always a delicious place to visit. And it's pretty cheap. I've never spent more than $5 there, not even when I overdid it on coffee frozen yogurt. Can't say that for Ben and Jerry's (but I still love you, I promise). Enjoy!|0|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|6ucHYfop7gUjLXFtzHLAGw|4|Our favorite breakfast spot in RI. Love the omelette selection (Kalifornia is my favorite), great hash browns. Can be tight seating, but it's an eclectic atmosphere. Service is usually good, especially if Michele is still there.|0|0|1
ezfOX2z0EOFH6UOQyrkRpA|LpnIbrtaWQ5hSU3TorJf0A|5|Went out to eat at Flemings last night with my girlfriend, my brother and his girlfriend.  I like steak, and steakhouses.  This was our first time here as we eat at Ruth Chris or buy meat from Omaha Steaks.  We were very pleased with the quality of our food, the staff, and the overall experience.  Flemings is located within the Westin Hotel off of West Exchange Street.  Did have one bit of an issue getting there as after the Westin, West Exchange turns essentially into a one-way and we drove for a few moments in opposing traffic.  Due to that error we ended up parking at Providence Place Mall and walking across the sky-bridge to the Westin.  (As we were paying the bill the waitress told us this was the cheaper option since the Westin will charge for parking.)  Had 6:00 p.m. reservations and we were seated promptly.  The ambiance was beautiful, dimly lit and quiet.  Menu was simple and everything looked terrific on it.  I opted with the prime rib (rare) and the Flemings potatoes.  I also ordered a Caesar which was delicious, my brothers girlfriend ordered a tortilla soup which I had a sip of, and I thought it was very good.  Prime rib came next which was fantastic!  They offered three sauces which were horseradish, au jus, and horseradish mustard.  All were great.  The meat was tender, cooked to perfection, and very flavorful.  For dessert I and my brother had the chocolate lava cake which we needed to order 20 minutes prior as so they could prepare it.  It came with ice cream and a Chantilly whipped cream.  Unbelievable!  My girlfriend has the Crme brle which was delicious, my brothers girlfriend had the carrot cake.  No complaints from any of us.  We left stuffed and very satisfied.Small notes about the place.  Our servers were very attentive to our needs and questions.  They did not hover over us every few minutes, yet were there when refills were needed.  The matre d' came over several times as well to check in on us and ask about our food.  I really liked that.  It did not feel as if he came once as a customary job, but several times as if he really wanted to know our opinions.  One slight downside which wouldn't deter me from coming here at all, and the restaurant had no real control over, was kids.  This isn't place to bring young children.  A few couples one younger couple brought their daughter, sat her at the table and stuck an Iphone in front of her.  The couple to our left did the same.  Several times they had to walk their child out when she acted up.  Other than that, it was fantastic and we'll be going again in the short future.  Oh...prices.  I felt it was fairly priced.  I didn't think it was "expensive", the drinks were priced at exactly what I thought they should be, and the desserts and meats were reasonable.  We were not rushed, nor never felt it.  We ended up spending almost 3 hours there.|0|0|0
mdqwn32B4RVJI8_MQLXXHg|bFvv4qHsdwTg9Ur2zCztkw|3|I'm on the fence with froyoworld. there juniper's further down the street, which is arguable better (code word for pricier), but the thrill of being able to squeeze out whatever flavor combination with any toppings your like are undeniably thrilling. i am more of a 'original tart' girl, and i'm still waiting for them to roll out with a green tea flavour. until then, i'll be coming here for a quick fix|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|uJztQviv9yg7aFHlB5yyyw|5|I haven't eaten in the restaurant (yet), but the bar is a perfect bar. Almost. If they would get rid of the TV, THEN it would be a perfect bar. That's a pretty small detractor, though. The drinks are perfect. The atmosphere (apart from the TV) is perfect. Basically, imagine how you would make your ideal bar in 1925.There you go. It's Local 121.|0|1|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|X2Vztu1xlYOEB3Igo9MMZg|1|This place does not serve Mexican food. It serves a kind of Applebees lite version of what someone thinks Mexican food might be like. That being said its also not a dive bar. A dive bar has a good atmosphere and cheap drinks. This place has a miserable atmosphere and awful margaritas as its main fixture. A lot of people seem to think its a college-y Brown student bar. It barely rises to that level.Last time I was in there (we were only drinking thankfully) we saw a rat in the kitchen. Its the kind of place I hate to be dragged to by a group of people that are excited about it because they have never been there and you can't persuade them not to go.|4|2|2
wKaal1Y4D9DIJPkHVNyP_A|eLocyu86Ej-C8ati2vofcA|4|It was a lovely evening, so we chose to eat in the outside dining area, which was an area partioned off from the rest of the parking lot out front by giant concrete blocks.  Planters were on top and around them to try to hide them a bit, and there was a faux fountain in the middle, whose gurgling helped to establish a bit of a garden setting between the interruptions of car headlights sweeping over the area as they entered the parking lot. Began with the octopus appetizer, which was served with white beans in a sauce flavored with sage.  The octopus was outstanding - perhaps the best I've ever had.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned. If I was rating this meal on this one component alone, I would give it a five. The two fish entrees were OK.  The swordfish was substantial and it had a nice sauce, but it was overall a little over cooked and by the end bland. Oddly, it came with a lump of Jasmine rice.  I guess it's fusion.  The other entree was the trout which was served whole and was well prepared.  Each entree was at least $30 which seems a little steep.  I must have missed something, because I only saw 4 wines on the list, and this place bills itself as an enoteca.  After our first order of wines arrived, the waitress asked what we thought of them and I was honest that mine wasn't that good.  To my pleasant shock she removed it and gave me another one (much better) and didn't charge anything extra for it. That was impressive (and earned them the 4th star overall)!|0|0|0
ezfOX2z0EOFH6UOQyrkRpA|IhmBr-yHC8xLjdnoq7O37w|4|Fleming's is one of those places that people don't go because they assume it's going to be too expensive. Well you know what they say about people who assume. :)I happen to be a giant fan of their happy hour menu (go ahead, judge me). Fleming's happy hour is where people go when their wallet says "no", but their stomach says "yes, yes yes!"Three reasons why I love their happy hour menu: 1) the menu goes until 7pm, seven days a week (practically unheard of). 2)  the dishes on the menu are only $6. 3) I'd need a good excuse to eat here otherwise. They've got: Tenderloin Carpaccio, Sweet Chile Calamari, Wicked Cajun Barbecue Shrimp, Seared Ahi Tuna and Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail.While it's not immediately illustrated in the "5 for 6 'til 7" happy hour special, you can also get Fleming's signature Prime Burger with bacon and cheese for only $6.And hey, If you stroll in late and want to drop a few more beans, they also offer a pretty solid 3-course $39 pre-fixe menu.For the price, the food and drinks are amazing and a good excuse to eat there. The calamari is decent and the burger is gigantic and plentiful for just six bucks.|4|0|1
wfS1G5lrjx_SGWBuG2690g|ss-IQASyH-N_MHTdWcmEPA|4|Only the Pot Au Feu can make the best French Onion Soup! My son had the steak and it was melt in your mouth delicious, cooked perfectly. My daughter and I enjoyed the steaming hot, cheesy, velvety goodness of the french onion soup. The service was fantastic. I think the decor is warm and welcoming. It was my daughters first time and she can't wait to go back! They only serve dinner now which I was disappointed to find out since I had previously enjoyed lunch on a few occasions there.|0|0|0
mUMGNgo6x1Tlj75o-P3UHA|16bmaGpCAqZB0PzjLTADWA|4|I have read some pretty bad reviews on this place, maybe I went here on a good day, but I enjoyed the food and atmosphere.  You forget your at the mall when you step in here.|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|s1ZiQvvGsw_Wf487FLwiGw|4|5 Stars for the Bar3 stars for the Restaurant.So, 4 stars overall.We love the bar, the bartender made us delicious drinks and the site has a great atmosphere. It got busy later but not too crowded.We had dinner in the restaurant and we were excited to have some "local" food. The soup was too salty and creamy, the crab cakes fried and fatty. Not enough vegetables on the dish and it was a bit unbalanced. But the bar is great.|0|0|0
Dn-6ZmMqHW_ATU1I-nrNjw|oo2qq2QpW280z7jDb_GOOg|5|This is my absolute favorite restaurant in the state. I have been coming here for years since I was a small child. My two favorite meals are the Veal Oscar and the Steak Diane, which is cooked table side. Atmosphere is great, very romantic and I would only suggest this restaurant is kid friendly if you have a very well behaved and well mannered child. I have brought my child here many times and he loves it!!|1|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|D4un9kv2gb3jaPDS7NMELg|4|The Coffee Exchange is one of my favorite places to go when I need to escape from my apartment to finish work.  The good selection of coffee, free wi fi and overall atmosphere is a great motivator.I usually get espresso drinks when I come here because sometimes I feel as if the coffee is too strong.  The iced and hot mochas are my favorites.  There is a variety of snacks to purchase to go along with your coffee.  I am a big fan of the biscotti there.It can get a little cramped at peak hours and the tables are really small so sometimes I feel like I am on top of the person I am sitting next too.  I am getting smarter about this and I am starting to go around 8 or 9 p.m. just to avoid some of the rush.|0|0|1
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|mXqxWSm5g037HonlwSR29Q|5|awesome.after going to wes' i really look for cleanliness in a place like this first.it was immaculate.the service was super friendly and the food was fantastic!the prices are beyond fair.although you are eating something you feel is unhealthy thats not the case here.everything feels very fresh and homemade.the sandwiches are not smothered in an overwhelming amount of sauce so if you like extra youll have to ask for more.i will definitely be returning for the potato boat this week!its also amazing that there are vegan and vegetarian options if you want.CHIPS AHOY!(their chips are awesome!)|1|0|0
G7zdZt33PU_Gfmt3qHD88w|DzUwQFXHEO0ISRp4WLcB0A|1|Terrible sushi. It doesn't taste fresh and the rolls fall apart. How can a sushi chef send out loose rolls to a customer? I think they might either be buying cheap rice or they're not preparing it correctly.We came here because of good reviews on sites like this. I can only think that these people have never had good sushi to compare it to -- or they're just dazzled by the cheap price. It's not worth it! We've given this place more than one shot and we're not going back.This place is BYOB.|0|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|gE-5s1PtmW5EDXoe3ClLBw|4|A Thayer Street classic!My first experience at La Creperie was in a high school French class. We walked to Thayer for crepes and tried this place out. It became a group favorite from that point.Ever since, it's been an easy stop for a fresh and tasty treat!|1|0|0
Zeb06JwkXIvweAkGOsWDqg|Qn49RX3JRzvsSeM6svOKqw|4|At Stanley's you can get a cheap burger with fries for a cheap price. I like the Pepper Cheese Burger and Quebec Fries, a poutine knockoff. The restaurant is spotless, the burgers are small, but sometimes you just want a greasy diner burger, and Stanley's is best the place to get that in Providence. I've had all kinds of service here, but the last time I went the service was pleasant and quick.|1|0|2
RIzlH7t_wVhiTFklmYC1RA|NARHhcFTY8yxk_b4qE892g|5|omg fab rock star chef. yum yum yum|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|9EWFblLiRtv5nEbvFEuM8Q|4|Great local spot! I don't drink coffee (so why am I reviewing Coffee Exchange?) Hello! Tea and Hot Chocolate! The ambiance is wonderful. Great patio during the summer, fun inside & decor, and people who actually enjoy their jobs and aren't working for the man (or mermaid?). the hot chocolate was a wonderful perk on a cold day and the whipped cream wasn't too over powering. Easy parking and seating is usually easy to find within a few minutes of getting there, but be careful on weekends - it will get packed quickly.|0|0|0
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|FY_t03co42yzE0tClBHVhg|5|I finally got a chance to go to PF Chang's. Some of my friends who previously went there described it as expensive, but to me it was about the same as most other Chinese restaurants. The hosts were very attentive and professional. Decor was great, very classy and clean looking. I like the ceiling lighting and the floor and booths. We bypassed the lounge, which was very nice, but we wanted to go upstairs to the more cozy dining area. We accidentally  ended up sitting in the VIP section, which ended up in our favor. The VIP section gave a much higher level of service than the rest of the place. The service was top notch, very respectful and always right there with what we needed even before we asked. Other hosts, managers and staff were catering to us like we were royalty and I'm not sure if it was just the section, but it sure felt good!Drinks were good, and appetizers, food and quality as well as taste was perfect. I'm usually a hard critic when it comes to food because I owned a restaurant, and was a chef in the past and I know what quality is, and this was perfect. Prices were normal priced. None of the chicken entrees for instance were over 14.00. As a party of four we had entrees, 2 appetizers, iced teas, and some sides and the bill was about 120.00. That's reasonable to me.The music was new age/jazz, but comfortable sounding. The restrooms had jasmine incense and softer music, plus quality materials like polished marble and ceramic tiles. At the end of our dinner, we were given fortune cookies, asked if we wanted the items wrapped and checked back again to make sure everything was okay before getting our bill. Pros: Great food, service, cost and quality.Cons: noneHighly recommended.|0|0|1
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|Dz9SC3EWncE6LHKG82feWA|4|Fantastic pizza day, night or late night! Service is great and I love all the topping options. The crust is thin, there's the right combination of cheese and sauce. Despite their many interesting creations, the basics are just perfect.|0|0|0
Wd9p_AlZTnN6pBHmT9YemQ|1FlPGsq49ocuKTyWiRZ2Fw|2|Over priced and over rated.  If you're easily impressed with a nice location and glitzy decor, perhaps you can overlook the mediocre food.The sushi chefs are more focused on presentation (which is outstanding) than putting together a well balanced and innovative selection.  I began with the Jalapeo Hamachi.  This may have been one of the better dishes.  Good presentation but not very inspired.  A small rolled piece of fish with a slice of jalapeo, sprouts and flower. Very pretty but not enough hamachi to offset the strong sauce that they paired it with.  Followed by Tako, Eel and Toro which was unremarkable.I'm not sure when it became fashionable to pair uni with an overpowering green but it seems driven by aesthetics.  Tony Bourdain calls sea urchin the best thing that I've ever put in my mouth.  I tend to agree with him but this green totally overwhelms the subtle flavor of the fish. Finished with ocha which surprisingly came as a tea bag.  With these prices, you could probably afford to brew a nice batch of green tea and serve it in a kettle.If you looking for overpriced, overhyped and a underwhelming experience, Jacky's is your place.|1|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|wpDhuGVjSz-kNO0wFOK8Cg|3|Burger Bar - sounds like an insta-win, right?  Which is why we chose Luxe as the location for our friend's birthday bash this weekend.  Luxe has a loooong bar and then table top seating inside...in the summer, you can dine in the courtyard!  Our waiter, Jay, was attentive and sociable, and showed us to our 6-person long table (which might have only been 5-person long...but we don't mind getting cozy).  I must say, one of my restaurant pet peeves is wobbly tables and un-level tables....somehow we ended up with a strip of table which was both (and I was sitting on the seam of two of these uneven tables...ugh).  The menu is not for the health-conscious.  Appetizers include: Buffalo Calamri, Caddilac Nachos, Philly Cheese Steak Egg Rolls, and Spinach Artichoke Dip; prices are around 9$ - which is a bit high for pub fair.  For your main, you can either choose a "specialty sandwich" or a pre-designed burger (like the Pepe Burger or Death by Burger)....OR....you can BUILD...your OWN burger.  Normally I think of this as a major kitchen cop-out ("if it tastes bad...it's not our fault"), but me being a first-timer to this burger establishment, I was told that the "do-it-yourself build-a-burger" is the best way to go.  The 9-step burger assembly list includes: burger choice (gold label beef, chicken breast, kobe beef, ahi tuna, lean turkey, or veggie falafel), how it's cooked, cheese option (Jarlsberg?!), toppings (coleslaw!), PREMIUM toppings (pastrami? Smoked bacon? Friend egg?), sauce (horseradish mayo!  Tzatziki!), bun bun-bun bun BUUUUN, side (fried, slaw, salad, etc), and #9:.... "pimp those fries" *add bacon, gravy, cheese, etc).  It's a pretty good selection (pricing depends on your meat selection, 7-11$, and if you choose additions to your toppings).  If you feel so inclined to tempt coronary failure, you can raise your tab 3$ and make your burger a "fatty burger" - instead of a bun, you have your pick-a-mess between two grilled cheese sandwiches (....my doctor would kill me).My *falafel*well-done*caramelized onion, pickle, baby lettuce, fresh tomato*horseradish may*wheat bun burger was alright, though a bit sloppy (...are falafels supposed to be like patty-shaped hummus?).  It had some good taste to it, but wasn't especially memorable.  My side of recommended "gorgonzola tater tots sounded like a knock out of the park!  The tots almost double the expected "cafeteria" size and there are only five tots to a serving.  The taste: a bit like mac'n'cheese surrounded by mashed potato deep fried (....meh - season it up a bit, Luxe, and you could have a real tot-sterpiece on your hands!).  After a ridiculous amount of food (I had to take half my burger home for later), I certainly didn't have any room for their alcoholic milkshakes or other dessert items (though, I did partake in the "Ladies Night" 5$ drink option).  My overall impression of the cuisine is that Luxe isn't big on seasoning - so much tasted almost bland...like the taste was ALMOST there (which is disappointing for the price you pay).  Alright, Luxe....I'll give you another shot.  Next time I will see how one of YOUR OWN creations stacks up, only then do I feel I can make a definitive verdict to whether you're a burger KING...or only the jester.|4|0|0
87h9WI6h9cjNHxQd0FizBA|uq0ILmBm-vK3219Y7YwoFw|4|I love the Rue. The average rating of 3 stars on Yelp may be justified, but it's an awesome place if you come for lunch and just stick to what you know is good. The servers are always very friendly and attentive too.Food:Calamari- pretty goodFish are chips- decent as wellAll american organic burger- boring and not so goodDesserts are all great.The star dish for lunch is the Rue BLT...this is the best BLT I've ever had. Ripe tomatoes, a fancy herb mayo, arugula, plenty of crispy apple wood smoked bacon, and fresh mozzarella, which really makes the dish. Honestly, this is one badass BLT. The cucumber salad OR homemade chips it comes with are awesome too...my only wish is that it came with both and you didn't have to make the near impossible decision of choosing between the two.|0|0|0
-_FvwOM3_wku2zHiLjibgg|liUToL_N9OPma4FDr7P8lw|5|Having dined at Cafe Nuovo several times,  it is a joy to be treated to   an elegant dinner that is both consistently delicious as well as consistently well-served.  Even during restaurant week when the servers and chefs are overwhelmed with diners, the service and the food are spectacular.  Five stars are no exaggeration.|1|1|1
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|OYP5ji4eEemu-EOMebeQ2w|4|Sure, after eating breakfast at Louie's, I feel like my heart is slowly stopping, but to be honest, it's failing right along with my liver at 5AM as I stumble in with buddies only to order mimosas and pitchers of beer.If you're a student on the hill, the "Louie's challenge" is a must.  I did it at LEAST once every year, and it's definitely an experience you have to have before you leave good ol' P-town.  They open at 5AM, and will serve pitchers of beer to you that early.  Their food is actually really good (a tad bit greasy), but it's solid diner breakfast.  The service is quick, and though the waiting staff may be a bit rude, you'd be pissed off if 20 college kids came in wasted at 5AM to order omelettes, pancakes, and fried muffins (you HAVE to try one, they're amazingly butterific).  However, they all have character, and as long as you're friendly and respectful, they will be too.The food isn't the BEST, but it's all about the atmosphere and experience of this hidden gem on Brook St. (Also, it's very cheap and affordable..and it hits the spot for those drunken munchies).  Imbibe some "beverages," stay up and party all night, and head over to Louie's at around 445AM (because lines DO form that early in the morning).  You won't be disappointed!  (Unless, of course you're looking for a gourmet meal).|2|3|1
t0CBd_dgyztTvUkGX5fPBg|IcdxwCBX6rNHwlcFJEVVtQ|5|How do you know when a bagel is perfect? When toasting it would ruin it. Yup, that's what I said. If you can slice it, schmear it and eat it with no further ado, it's perfection. Bagel Gourmet creates such bagels. My favorite favorite favorite is the everything bagel - it's so well balanced with salt, poppy seeds, garlic, onions, and sesame seeds that I might not need to add the schmear of garden veggie cream cheese, but why deprive myself of further gluttonous joy? This cream cheese is SO good - and fresh. I can tell because they use red onions, and they still have their color. Seriously kids - these bagels are a no-brainer if you're looking for authentic, tasty, and satisfying NY bagels. Do it!|6|3|4
qhz-qmRp30-khTbJ3DjnYw|2ytBD8zAwYzq_UlUhVJ8ug|3|I would give it a 2 if the waitress weren't so nice. My boyfriend and I tried meatball and Bolognese spaghetti, and they were really of mediocre quality. And that may mean "really bad" to some people considering that neither of us is picky with food. The portion of the food is HUGE, though. One serving is enough to feed at least three girls or two boys...So if you are really hungry, it may be a nice place to go..|1|0|0
YEUgaDmoKvYQynNgVGenbw|fnp3tT0TH8UPt2wc9kJGkQ|4|Dined here recently and had a really great experience! My girlfriend and I were total pains in the ass and the waitress took it like a champ!I started with the miso soup and the special tuna / avocado wontons. The wontons were creative and delicious, but the best part about them was the chef coming out and asking us how we liked them! I love when chefs do this, because it shows they genuinely care about the product they are putting out. I had the Dice K roll (sans roe, I hate that stuff, yech!) for dinner. It was huge and filling and was just as good last night around 1am.I've got a bit of a moral qualm with that poor little shark, swimming around in circles over and over (they have a huge aquarium behind the bar, with an actual real live shark). I suppose I would have ate him if he were one of the specials that night, so moral qualm negated.Lastly, I'd like to point out once more, that the table service was outstanding. The waitress went back and forth to the kitchen multiple times to ask the chef questions and accommodated our special needs- all with a non-flinching smile. Fantastic.|1|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|BVS9dttQihhhUGPwX8N9vQ|5|This is my new favorite restaurant! I ate here for dinner last week with my bf and we had a great experience. We did the 5 course chef's tasting and all were delicious and beautifully presented (see pictures). The waitstaff are very attenctive never letting your water glass get too low and always offering up some of Gracie's delicious (and addicting!) beer bread. If your bored with the same old food you have to go here!|0|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|aQ_ccN-q95KU7dV8C2SDvw|2|I had "the Connie" which was a sweet crepe with nutella and banana. Not a difficult dish to make, but it was mediocre. The service was terrible; there are two guys working there, one making the crepes, the other doing nothing, do you have to get up and get your crepe. Also, we weren't allowed to move a table over to accommodate our big group; I and one other person had to sit separately.|2|0|0
EcUL0Ixq_5L9HCdyk2GIOQ|TyNxux79CdLVNzWTPNQOCg|4|Great falafel. Open late.  Fast service.|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|81CGGO16ILclyQggICVfqA|4|Food was consistently good for all of us.  Empanadas were good, nice waiter.  Fabulous banana shake: Havana Blast!  Overall we enjoyed it and we'll be back.|0|0|0
wKaal1Y4D9DIJPkHVNyP_A|HoCHjDvtbSg_LHaZjhWHDA|3|Don't get me wrong, Bacaro is one of THE BEST restaurants in Providence. Their food is absolutely delicious and unique, from their tapas menu to large selection of entrees to their tasty desserts which make my mouth water every time! Some of  my recommendations include the pork belly from the Tapas menu, the beet salad, the pumpkin pizza or any of the pasta dishes. Each season the freshest ingredients are used and incorporated into the dishes. I'm particularly a fan of the penne with with the squash flowers and goat cheese! Don't forget about dessert! Although a bit pricey, it can't be missed. The little donuts with nutella are spectacular as are all the fruit tortes.   The reason I cannot give it 4 or 5 stars is because the service is lacking. Sometimes you can wait what seems to be an unusually long amount of time for a glass of water or utensils. It's unfortunate because this delicious food is right in front of you and the aromas are begging you to attack. It seems to have gotten a bit better but every time I go and hope for a better experience, it's usually the same. Would you rather eat good food or enjoy the ambiance? If you prefer great food, you have to stop in and try for yourself! Be sure to ask to be seated upstairs....there's a great open kitchen!|3|1|1
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|8D9CrQaExNhVCAziVrvrLg|5|Best coffee shop in all of Providence.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|57afbu27Kwm2CgQN8B7tfQ|5|Phenomenal burger. Go all out and you wont' be disappointed. Can't wait to get back here, and will next time I'm in the area.|0|0|0
QAxQdJ5m-wrvLUUGb0-ulw|jv28nlKjPW3tNIymVaGk3w|2|This place should be called the Jekyll or Hyde Republic. About a month ago I had a business meeting there. I was slightly impressed. The appetizers were amazing the bathroom stocked with sooo much TP. The waitress was a bit annoying kept asking "would you like something to drink?". YES I WILL BACK OFF BECKY. But the service was nice.Anyway a month later I went back for a send off for a supervisor who was leaving. Thats when the shh...hit the fan. The bathrooms were a disaster. The appetizers were overpriced and did not taste good.Speaking of the bathrooms. How come there was only ONE TP roll for 8 stalls?Maybe I got there on a bad night but the place was like half way to capacity.I will say one thing the FREE valet parking is AMAZING!!!|0|1|0
AMcQOPu1hcSl7f6iguru3Q|37Ywl8wZouGLjgdscVlWzw|4|Food, drinks, prices were all ok.  I had a chicken and spring greens salad that was fine, though the chicken was a bit too cold.  The wine list isn't extensive, but I found a nice Malbec by the glass so I was content.  Calamari appetizer was just average, nothing unique.So why four stars for Joe's?  Two reasons that are big in my book.  First, in addition to all of the coffee drinks offered on their dessert menu, the offer about half a dozen hot cocoa drinks. As a non-coffee drinker, I really appreciate that and had the Milky Way.  I think it had baileys and vanilla vodka in it (yes, I have a wicked sweet tooth). Great on a cold night. The other reason for four stars is simple: the service was outstanding. From the host to the waiter - everyone we dealt with was great.|3|1|3
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|GFfIobQHKmCjzJU_tlTbKw|4|Oh, how I love Indian food. And here was no exception. We had a large group, so the service for a smaller party may have been better. However, we were seated right away (and this place is bigger than it looks from the outside). The only thing that irritated me was the waiter hit my shoulder with plates at least 3 times, trying to reach across the table -- oh well, at least he apologized. The samosas are delicious, and the sauces they serve with it allow you to alter the taste to your liking. And they're quite big! I ordered the Goan Vegetable Curry and it was quite flavorful and had a nice bite to it. And the portion was generous -- I was able to bring home some for dinner :)  A few of my coworkers ordered the chicken nanini and loved it, one said they would come back just for it again. The prices were very reasonable, especially for the portion size.|0|0|0
3Fl9FLuDyOiqXOU8iM2Aqw|IcdxwCBX6rNHwlcFJEVVtQ|4|For tea, Tea in Sahara is a lovely spot. The fresh, steaming pot of Moroccan Mint was just what I needed on a cold, grey day - the instantly warming, bright flavor was exactly the thing to chase away my winter blues. The location is interesting; it's in a super-quiet residential corner of the city and I would have driven right past it if I hadn't been looking for it. I was pleasantly surprised at how spacious the interior is, and how different and charming it is than any other place I've been in town. You order your items at a counter towards the back, where the gentleman who was overseeing things was super-nice and polite. After he brewed my tea, he brought it to my table and left me to myself. The calm, quiet atmosphere was ideal for getting work done, and the large windows let in plenty of natural light, which is really refreshing. I will warn you that the food isn't great - I had a chicken sandwich that I wish I hadn't -but for tea, some baklava and a quiet afternoon, Tea in Sahara is absolutely perfect.|1|0|3
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|z35nd92N-Q9q36bx1OCnOQ|4|The Red Fez is one of the most fun places you can go in Providence for a night out. I've been on dates to the up and downstairs parts of the RF and I've never had a boring time or a bad bit of food. While I utterly love the laid back upstairs with the amazingly funky decor (I want to steal the antler chandlers and bring them home) I love the bigger menu the downstairs offers too much to ever pass it up. To die for grilled cheeses (which you can get small versions of on the bar menu) decadent mac and cheese with chorico, and delicious burgers have all been present on the restaurant menu before, but it does change somewhat regularly so don't feel too put out if something you've had there before is suddenly off the menu- the RF will have delicious alternatives to satisfy you with. If you're not feeling too hungry, the RF is still worth popping into for a drink, they have a decent selection of beers and good mixed drinks that occasionally have candy accompaniments. If there was one thing I could change about the Fez it'd be the part of town it's in- I hate parking in that area and I don't like paying the fee at the garage across the street, but it's worth going out of the way at least a couple times a month to go to the Fez and have a good time.|2|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|X0gzPtsvfp19XSFfC1NcpQ|4|Pretty good! The atmosphere was nice and the food was great. The aloo tikkis were well-seasoned, and the chicken tikka masala was quite dark - something I enjoyed. Being an Indian brought up on home cooking, I usually don't like when restaurants add excess amounts of heavy cream to improve texture and taste. There ends up being too much that drowns out the flavor. But Kabob and Curry's tikka masala seemed right!|0|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|_cpdM9o4XnAJAEZhAolltw|5|I just love this place.  Everything I've eaten has been delicioso.  Omelets, toast, french toast, english muffins, scrambled eggs, eggs sunny side up, pancakes, sausage, and bacon.  Yummers.  There's usually a wait in the morning, but the food and the prices are well worth it.  The waitstaff is always pleasant.  I'd recommend Brickway if you're looking for a cozy place that serves simple, delicious food.|1|0|1
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|6-AbQ3qrtJ2BR2WBG0IxpA|4|Mmm, I went here this past weekend since I've been on a falafel crave lately, and very impressed. Thanks Yelp for making me (finally) check this place out!|0|0|0
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|vsoSsJkdoh8vq9HXuzdLdw|4|Love Antonio's!!! I love all the different types of pizza they have.  Its pretty crazy late night and it feels like everyone in Providence is there.  I went there the other night to get take out. I ordered the honey mustard pizza and a bbq steak pizza.My favorite is the honey mustard pizza, but that night I tried an avocado pizza that my friend ordered, and  it is to die for!!  It was a bit confusing as to who was being served and when the food would be ready.  it is a small place, and I truly wish there was more seating space.However, while I usually be annoyed with this, I understand it is completely catered for the college students. The late night food for after the bars, the quick and easy customer who is in and out. The pizza is worth the chaos I promise!!!|0|0|1
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|ooBKO0v4P-hLDn1Yg607Xg|5|A friend and I attempted to come to this restaurant without a reservation during a busy weekend, and we were surprisingly seated fairly quickly after struggling to find someone to speak with who could seat us. If there's any qualm I have with the establishment, it's that the entrance could be more plainly labeled.I ordered the Linguine with Creamy Egg, Duck Bacon, which tasted great and not too heavy. My friend ordered Bread Gnocchi with Spicy Sausage Red Sauce, which was fairly good as well, although we both preferred the linguine. For dessert, we ordered toasted coconut ice cream, which had nice taste but was nothing to write home about. The service throughout the night was outstanding and extremely helpful as well.|0|0|0
JUC2w_byPiyEbXrufEik-w|A_HWWJ4PO3nG9IRlfZjNbQ|5|This pho joint is a nice walk from our house and we are always delighted to sit down to a nice bowl of pho. I think the prices are reasonable. I also like the grilled pork and rice plate!!! Delighted that this restaurant is nearby....|0|0|1
wKaal1Y4D9DIJPkHVNyP_A|gSX1sCLgz-xgN_QSLOn0kQ|5|Bacaro is absolute a notch or two above most/all of the providence RI dining  scene- and that's saying a lot.  Great locate, atmosphere, home made pasta and deserts.  Good wine list and better than/or as good as Al forno wood grilled pizza.   Worth the extra $$ .  Knowledgeable staff too.   Will be back.|0|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|gE-5s1PtmW5EDXoe3ClLBw|3|Bring your appetite and plenty of spare time for the service.We sat at the bar and were greeted right away. Drinks came quickly. We tried some of the beers on tap though the mixed drinks looked good!It didn't seem evident to me on the menu that when you order a burger you actually get two medium sized burgers. I thought they were a little greasy but I typically like a thicker and dryer burger.Our burgers took about 15 minutes but I noticed a neighbor get his in less than 5. Bartender didn't come back to ask how it was. I finished my drink as I got the meal and still wasn't offered another drink. By the time I did get the offer, it was too late. It was not busy, either.We contemplated dessert and picked out the Brownie Bites, but again, 10 minutes passed while the bartender talked to someone else so we decided to go to Pastiche instead.One thing is for sure - no one here is pressuring you to spend money.|1|0|0
6fz6hlH9LDkZ9jwtwBVOEQ|uSWEtjOZyN_lkJ8J_pXqyQ|2|We had a very poor experience here last night. We had a restaurant.com which brought us to Spat's in the first place. I live nearby but tend to avoid this restaurant and now I know why. The service was bad. Like, real bad. It took our waitress 15 minutes to even bring over menus, refused to give us a pitcher of water (even with the ridiculous beer tubes on every other table) and only refilled once, rushed us through our orders and when she finally came to check on our food, 15 minutes after it had been brought out, I had to send mine back. I ordered the Pesto Ciabatta sandwich which sounded great in theory and I thought would be a pressed, melty, delicious sandwich. I double checked that it was what I thought prior to ordering but when it came out it was cold and sloppy. No biggie, I just asked for it to be heated in a wrap. It came back out 20 minutes later, exact same plate and exactly the same as before except this time they left out all of the cheese but one slice. No thank you. Sent it back and munched on my friends fries and what was left of the appetizer. The waitress could not have been less interested in helping me to find something else or apologize for the misunderstanding. She was mad at me...? Anyway, we needed to order one more item to use the restaurant.com so we decided on dessert. OMG seriously? $6.99 for a piece of "cake" that had to have been sitting in the fridge for days, waiting to be ordered. All in all, I would not suggest it unless you're interested in beer tubes. Best item we ordered were the onin rings and you can get those anywhere.|1|0|0
B0_HY1F7bUqB3ONhy73udQ|MGPQVLsODMm9ZtYQW-g_OA|2|In my defense, I came here when there was only one Yelp review up - no law of averages to balance things out. Just ONE review. And in the name of proximity and gnawing hunger, I decided to go against what I know (always trust Yelp) and conversely ended up choosing a 2-star restaurant.And surprise! I found that 2-star rating to be spot-on. I ordered chicken tacos which turned out to be miserably dry, flavorless, bland and overpriced. I even considered eating them just so I wouldn't have to deal with the smell that would be sure to overtake the baby trash can in my hotel room but I just... couldn't. Bleak. Not for someone who loves, I mean really loves, Mexican food... 'cause you will be disappointed, and hard. I'm sure there's much better Mexican fare to be found in Providence so just keep walking.|4|3|2
wKaal1Y4D9DIJPkHVNyP_A|uYqpUIjos0puuar__elBkw|2|I hate to be the barer of bad news, but if you're looking for a special 5* dining experience please take note - Bacaro might not be the place to fully experience all that you're wanting.  The food is good, the view amazing, but this restaurant is missing certain things that make for a true 5* experience.  For $30+/plate I have to review based on what I believe we in Providence have come to expect from fine dining.For starters, what about the simple things in life, like taking our coats?  Nope, can't be bothered.  Why don't you have any music playing on the second floor?  You've got a view of the river but without ambiance my table of four couldn't help but focus on the click clack of the forks coming from the only other table (of 14) in the restaurant, oddly placed smack dab next to us.Our server, bless her, knew NOTHING.  Nothing about wine, couldn't really make food recommendations, and had a general air of insecurity about her.  The manager stepped in at certain points to accommodate our cohort's gluten free needs and help with the wine selection, and call me caddy but she was way too casually dressed to be given any street cred.  Pink and brown striped Old Navy V neck with jeans doesn't really scream I should be spending a lot of money here.I will say the bottle of wine we were pointed to was excellent.  But call me crazy, where I come from, wine bars offer wine flights and I got a blank Bambi stare when I asked for one.We started with the pork belly appetizer, a small plate served salty and glazed.  Then I moved on to the duck breast over risotto.  The duck was too bloody for my taste so I passed most of the middle on to my partner, and the rice portion tasted like the butter it was made in had been accidentally burned during preparation.   With the richness of the dish it was sadly lacking in the vegetable department.  Michael had a whole fish as they were out of the other two pesce options on the menu.  It was fine but not satisfying.If you're looking for some place special I have a list of top 5 in the state.  Go to anyone of these establishments http://www.yelp.com/list/big-5-in-little-rhody-providence and enjoy the total package!|4|1|0
_dyFKoP9aoYty0Ot_lW0AA|8AHwby4ShZdbKRbYhCMh9w|1|The minute i walked in.. I needed a drink lol5 dollar cover and cheap "fish piss" drinks..wait FISH PISS! still trying to figure out what the heck that is....Back to my much needed drink.  It cost me about 7 bucks and it had ice in it..A shot with ice? really?? i wish that was the worst part...the crowd was just awful....people dont ask you to dance anymore? just come up to you and hump...is that how it is now!  Music was same ol..i swear i have been hearing the same music for the past 10 years in every club i go into..This atmosphere is definitely for the younger crowd who just want to get drunk and grind on Who-ever..or whatever lol this place was just a big NO!|1|4|0
Lw7lLPi2Da-daCK2rxtPIw|8EO5gYK2Jl6nhXzGRk_DKQ|4|This place is extremely narrow. There are about three stools in front of a mirror which extremely awkward. I personally don't like looking at myself when I'm eating with someone.  Bubble tea drinks aren't that great, but their sushi is pretty good for its price.|0|0|0
wfS1G5lrjx_SGWBuG2690g|ziL8chrxFpGtA0oFQNUrwQ|5|You complete me. Woooooow! I was so excited to finally check this place out. I am still confused how it is the oldest French Bistro in the country when it is only 40 years young, however, it was AMAZING. The quiche du jour was fabulous - it was made with mushrooms and scallions. It was light and fluffy, and quite possibly the best quiche I have ever had. I also ordered a side of potatoes which were sort of like home fries, chunks of sweet and russet potatoes, quickly fried and dusted with something like crack... because I have NEVER had a sweet potato like this before. Without a doubt, the best potatoes I have ever eaten. Sadly, I had no room for desert, but will plan to go back and try several, as the first 3 items listed sounded wonderful. I also did not have the opportunity to try the escargot, which I certainly will next time.  My date also thoroughly enjoyed the steak frites. He said it was so good, he could have eaten another whole portion of steak. At the end of the meal, the owner stopped by our table to ask how everything was, we raved about the food and service, as it was impeccable. Kudos and kisses to you, Pot Au Feu!!!!|0|0|0
3Fl9FLuDyOiqXOU8iM2Aqw|MeXzhs6pprFQWTgDkZOajw|4|Really cool little spot. The tea is great, have not tried the baked goods yet. The hookahs are quite pricey though.|0|0|0
it9mZRfzo9DsFmddSESLbw|p3ykiTYxYJ8S86ZVsFXjCg|2|Food is comparable to other  great Thai restaurants like SIAM square. The only thing I am going to complain about is that you never ask customers who are seated to give up their seats to accommodate other customers. That is a way to make your customers feel less valued. There are other places worth going to.|0|0|0
AKfHinPZ5vdPdHRzpvSWtw|SwVqXFmnWh6TDKCEba_Bcg|2|I was excited that this place opened because there wasn't Korean food anywhere downtown. Now I'm pretty ambivalent. I went twice for lunch - well, technically once. First time, I went for lunch the week it opened. They didn't bring water until they brought our food, but the food came out super fast so maybe that evens itself out? I had the Sura special, which is a katsu cutlet, rice, and a side of curry (or black beans). It also came with miso and the little bites of side dishes. The curry was disappointing - a spoonful of mushy frozen or canned mixed veggie (you know, the little cubes of corn/peas/carrots) surrounded by flavorless sauce. The side of kimchi wasn't spicy at all. The miso was watery and tasteless. After getting our food, we were completely ignored. No refills on water, and it took forever to ask for our bill and still more of a wait for the bill to actually come. It was very busy and every table was full, but still it's a small place. There was at least one employee for every 4 tables. Second time I tried lunch again about 2 months later. It was full but there were at least 4 empty seats around the sushi bar area. I asked if I could sit at the bar, and the hostess said "sure." I sat there for 20 minutes trying to make eye contact with someone and no one ever came to take my order to acknowledge I was there. Meanwhile other people at the bar had runners bringing food and water to them. The food wasn't bad. Price was very reasonable at $10 for lunch. The staff, when you can catch them, are pleasant and smiley but inefficient. Maybe they need a better system? Like I said, it's not a big restaurant yet everyone is swamped trying to get things done. It seems like they've got multiple runners and servers all over the place rather than specific people responsible for a table or section. I think it turns into a case of everyone else thinks someone else is working on it.|3|0|1
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|uGSlhVGN_bBjPJUUwiMtTQ|2|I am giving this place 2 stars purely for their drinks, chips, and salsa.  There is really nothing else I like about this place.  The food is not good and overpriced.  Every time I have been here we have to wait a really long time for our food.  Also, if you are just getting drinks, you can't sit at the tables on the other side of the bar so it is really not conducive to a large group that may want to have a conversation!  I may go back just because it is right near my office but it will definitely not be my first choice for drinks!|0|0|0
EcUL0Ixq_5L9HCdyk2GIOQ|W315rGdFMjwBr87lUPAZeg|3|Went here the other day for some pizza and a salad.  In my opinion, the previous reviews are a little off.  Not sure why you'd go somewhere named Pizza Queen for lunch and not order pizza...but oh well.  Anyways, the pizza was good, hot, and tasty.  And, it was fast to order and pick up.  The price was right as well.  Definitely good for a quick grab when you're hungry and not much else is open.|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|1nlvdyKsu_nKF4oAF3sFJQ|3|Go: definitely for Sunday buffet, maybe for lunch, never for dinner.Kabob and Curry does a good job of bringing quality Indian food to the somewhat lean pickings on Thayer.  True, the spices are distinctly Americanized and you won't get the kick and subtlety of a more authentic Indian restaurant, but in terms of quality and care of preparation, it passes.My big beef was with the portion sizes at dinner.  TINY.  Though prices at dinner are significantly higher than lunch, the portions remain small and utterly unsatisfying.  If you're a hungry college student, dinner is a no-no.  I've never had lunch, but it seems fine for the price point.Sunday buffet is what it's all about.  Since you're not going here for the authenticity, why not just eat your fill of doughy but satisfying naan, dumbed-down but still juicy chicken tikka masala, and underspiced but passable vegetable curry?  For all your Indian-influenced carbs, meats, lentils, and veggies, the buffet is the way to go.Oh, but the eggplant IS very good and you might want to break the buffet rule to get a taste.|1|2|0
J4lY9l9LsKWBTa49cY0-mw|ziL8chrxFpGtA0oFQNUrwQ|5|OMG, this pizza was Ahhhhhmazing. It was a first for me, I'd never tried coal fired pizza before. There were many delicious flavors, but my two favorites included margherita as well as the pizza topped with fresh tomato and arugula.  The staff was quite friendly and the atmosphere was very cute, as well. The Yelp event was lovely, we met some fun fellow elite members and the owner of the restaurant took the time to chat with us after the event and get our feedback on his extensive wine menu. I'll look forward to returning!!!|0|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|eRX4tjUzNE0LGLwbGdkqwg|3|This place is just okay. The wait is too long and ridiculous. The service is alright. The hostess seems to be dressed a little too provocatively for me. (and she was wearing flip flops and a tank... that is a sanitation no no) The fact that you have to ask and pay for chips and salsa is absurd.Our server was nice. Of couse I wasn't 21 at the time so I couldn't get an fing margarita. I forget what I had has an entree, it couldn't have been too great if I can't remember it.I would go back just once more for lunch on a Tuesday when it is hopefully not crammed with fellow Rhode Islanders. I would love to try and over priced margarita.That said maybe I will go this weekend!|0|0|1
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|kCXn6IIdtCepeP8vvPmcwA|1|Probably the most overrated restaurant in Providence. I think the food is terrible. If you want good Mexican food head down to Lola's. Better view,better drinks,way,way,way better food.|2|2|1
Me0m9753dQgbcxdLpQq50A|GbP4tbtlNlDZf1Pe3wEmkA|4|Excellent coffee. WiFi. Awesome vegan options. Homemade kale soup. Friendly staff. The owner and his father really get into being part of the Fox Point community.|0|0|0
04ZBAOo6ffXkhSICqngaIQ|zsyKQO7EDtTg21tzLZzxHg|4|Oh no a tea shop and right by that HUGE coffee place, but yes its all tea all the time, so many choices. So nice when I waiting for a show at Brown or a program at RIHS.|0|1|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|JauUrzrWq6FE55BwC-b7Aw|2|What do Marvin Gaye, Michael Jackson, techno and one Cuban song have in common? Nothing, but that was just some of the eclectic mix of music playing at this place. I know this says nothing about the quality of the food and restaurant, but it was just kinda weird/funny. I mean, they're great artists and all, but I expect a place that has such a cool name to kind of live up to it and have, well, cool music with a predominately Cuban vibe.Anyways onto the food. They have a good selection of tapas, from options like plantains, fried yuca, all kinds of shrimps, beans, quesadillas and several meat choices. The food was so-so. It was palatable. It has the potential to be great, but a lot of it was just kinda salty and something that wouldn't be too hard to make at home. The plantains were really sweet and nicely warm. The beef stew was okay (you can taste the worcestershire sauce they used...good if you like that stuff I guess), the shrimp was juicy and cooked well but was tasted mostly salty. There are a lot of choices on the menu, so you have plenty of opportunities to try new things. Me? I think I'll move on. Unfortunately, this revolution does not viva in my book.|0|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|TCDztKTWwe2VEchbV-F3rw|4|This place was bangin on a Wed night, viva that is. Friendly staff, fair alcohol prices, good mixed crowd. Most likely common back here!|1|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|ziL8chrxFpGtA0oFQNUrwQ|2|You can't always believe the hype. Hmmmm... where to begin??? First, we had reservations, but were not sat for 25 minutes after we arrived. We all commented that the decor was nice, but the stars everywhere were a bit overkill. Once we were sat, our waitress was a little on the rude side at first, but we tried to overlook this. It was hard though, as she was condescendening and less than helpful, though her "assistant" was very pleasant and attentive. When one of my dining companions ordered her dish, the waitress asked if she wanted it one of two ways, without clarifying what she meant. Later, she told the table adjacent to us that "restaurant week brings out ALL KINDS of people." She's right. It does. It brings out people that like to eat. And people that talk about their experiences. And people that Yelp about them. The food was alright, there was a nice presentation. However, for the price, it was not worth it. I had a salad, cod and the creme brulee. The salad was nothing exceptional, the cod was lukewarm and the creme brulee was so rich that I had a horrible stomachache afterward. My dinner companions enjoyed their duck, but stated the poundcake was dry. There are too many great restaurants in Providence to go back to an overpriced establishment with entitled waitstaff.|1|0|1
_BG8WroxU2JbZSij6VWx_A|r4Eec-nFleZDzJ3QZpwoIw|1|So originally I wasn't going to write a review of this place because it's really just not my type of place and I didn't want my personal taste to dictate my review.My boyfriend and I went here this past Saturday morning as it was the meeting place for an scavenger hunt/race called Urban Dare.The staff was really friendly considering their restaurant had been taken over by a bunch of jocks and nerds who werent really buying anything. The place is pretty big, clean, and not too tacky (considering its a large 'irish' themed pub).After the race the bar also acted as the finish line. We were in a really great mood from finishing much better then we'd expected to so we decided to celebrate with dinner. We both ordered the hummus wraps with fries and a Newport blueberry beer. Everything was yummy and decently priced and the service was great.HERES THE PROBLEM.I found not one, but two large olive pits in my sandwich!!! Luckily I bit into them and didn't choke. I was in such a good mood and pumped up on endorphins that I kind of dismissed it and simply wrote a note about them on a comment card.When I got home last not, however, I found that my FRONT TOOTH IS CHIPPED!!!!I am so unhappy.So yeah, clean, good service, yummy food, but the kitchen staff really needs to be more aware of what they're giving the patrons.  These were big kalamata olive pits in a wrap. Not even something a person is eating with a fork and can pick around.Thankfully I didn't choke, but now I have to have dental work?! (and I don't have dental insurance so this is no little thing)AGHHHHHHHH!|1|0|1
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|Hel88eksyKTLAP1Qfy4I7A|4|One of the best bars in Providence!|0|0|0
x05vLVOH2OQr-8ATmfItRg|q0SGWgnh7Zmw5DvrmwG81w|2|I had my wedding at the Biltmore and planned a post-wedding brunch buffet the next day. My advice:  create a sign in list to track how many come.  Have a coordinator/friend make sure that the staff is on their toes bringing out food. They had one waitress servicing us. My poor father was pouring people their drinks, alerting staff that they ran out of eggs, etc. -- some of my friends were telling me that they felt bad getting seconds because there wasn't enough food out. They were simply overwhelmed by our ~65 guests and said they weren't expecting so many waves of people to arrive when they did (???).  In the end, I was overcharged by THIRTEEN people based on place setting count (when people would actually grab plates, etc.). After the event, I had to track down the functions manager a few times to complain and ended up getting refunded in *GIFT CERTIFICATES* THAT EXPIRE WITHIN 90 DAYS back at the original location. My parents, who split the bill, felt very gypped by that.  We ended up paying for more meals we didn't exactly want -- we weren't happy about the situation.  They at least were accommodating in creating a customized menu and setting up the private room for the buffet, but beware if you are considering a similar function -- close oversight is needed.Based on this disorganized experience, I wouldn't have personally given the required 18% gratuity. I actually would've expected an apology from the waitress/GM and gift certificates -- and furthermore, not refunds for the overcharge in the form of gift certificates. I'm a bigger fan of their other locations; this was a mess.|1|0|0
pZnk9tKEHrEIHq0NfSzXRA|Wb3lr1zYbESrUqpnDqcc_g|5|I absolutely loved my meal here.It's very unpretentious, and VERY delicious.  The guys behind the bar were extremely kind and welcoming - we sat down and they asked if there was anything in particular we wanted or anything in particular we didn't want - I said no to both, and on came the yum.  Great garlicky olives, flavorful cheeses, wonderful meats - there wasn't a single morsel I wouldn't eat more of.It's also BYOB which is always treat.  In case you don't bring anything with you, Eno is a just a few doors down so you'll be in business in no time. It's small, so I don't know what happens if they get busy.  But I would wait a while!|3|1|2
87h9WI6h9cjNHxQd0FizBA|96HrYf0p_4chq2Vx4t5esA|3|Yeah, it's hard to give Rue anything more than a middle-of-the-road score. I think the most damning element here was in the wait time for food--they had just one, lone server overseeing half a dozen breakfast tables. Tsk tsk.And it's a shame because their breakfasts aren't half bad. My Eggs Benedict was starving for more Hollandaise sauce, but theirs are real homefries--crispy like roasted potatoes, not mush.They could learn a thing or two from a place like Modern Diner: don't just serve what I ordered; dress up the plate with a sliced strawberry or orange wedge or something. C'mon, get creative.And more servers, pretty please.|1|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|zBWePZiBcAJxvb3MKYqFRw|3|This is a very small hole in the wall place. It is down a small alley off the popular Thayer street . It has about 7 or 8 tables jammed into a very small space. They have a nice selection of crepes. I got a strawberry chocolate crepe and was disturbed that they did not use fresh strawberries. I could taste that they were out of a can. I understand that strawberries were not in season so I guess I should have ordered something different. I went on a Friday night and it was very crowded. Everyone seemed to enjoy their crepes. My friends that i went with enjoyed theirs. It was fun to watch the lady in the back make the crepes but she messed up a lot and I saw her throwing a lot of product into the garbage. I may or may not go back here again but if I do I will try something different.|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|PqEMzxn_7OHpqpwr0bXYkA|3|In the Great Thayer Street Pizza Competition between Nice Slice and Antonio's . . . nobody really wins because neither place is all that great. Nice Slice has decent thin crust pizza (the barbecue chicken is probably the best of the lot), an interesting selection of sodas, a cool interior, free stickers, and a friendly staff. It's slightly more expensive and has slightly less variety than Antonio's. And that's pretty much all there is to it.|1|0|0
qylEvwzt5M_p7QTveZlEvQ|1zPwdiXaYsxfHn_SyPGPFg|3|i went to this place last night for food. The food itself was great!!! On the other hand the service was not that great and the drinks were to watered down and had to order two shots to make the drink taste the way it should have. I would go back for the food and maybe sit at the bar for better service. But i would not order a mix drink!|0|0|0
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|mDBoVkVJ7Hvc8sOp8Ww9yw|3|Yummy pizza, a ton of different pies, kinda expensive for by-the-slice, friendly staff, lots of hipsters, great for late night.  Also, good luck finding place on a weekend.|1|0|0
ZCNv3o4kekN2PPUTlP294w|tBvftlnON3gtg-x_TFoenQ|4|Wanna get pissed drunk and feel good about yourself?Damn straight.Wanna enjoy some potentially soggy nachos, cuz you were to pre-occupied playing darts and forgot about the nachos?Yea that's right.Wanna enjoy these times with some  hipster RISD, architecture / Industrial Design Kids?Damn straight.Wanna see some Architecture kids throw down a load in the parking lot cuz they haven't slept in 3 days for they're review and got burned by there professor so they thought they would drink it off?eh.. not so much.But The WC is still a great place with cheap beer.|1|2|1
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|9mfxCQXWGUe760_No-TWng|5|This is the best Middle Eastern sandwich shop that I've ever been to.  EVER.  They load up the wraps with lettuce, hummus, tabouli, hot sauce (get the hot sauce), pickles, and whatever else you want.  This is top-notch wrap-making in action.I'm actually struck dumb and don't know what to say right now.  This place is so delicious that I want to slap somebody.  The kafta kabob is my A-list #1 top choice here.If I still lived/worked in Providence, I would eat here at least twice a week.  Just go, already (and tell them to open another shop in Boston)!Secret bonus:  It used to be that if you left a dollar in the tip jar, they would hand you a piece of one of their delicious pastries.  Ssshhhhh.|4|2|4
Dn-6ZmMqHW_ATU1I-nrNjw|B66MuRJwQDOCIstt6Kv10g|4|Went here for an anniversary before the water fires this summer.  For timing, this was a good place to go on a water fire Saturday, provided you reserve a table.  The food overall was pretty good, but I did expect more from the wait staff.  A couple of times I was ignored, and one time he left in the middle of me asking something.  The food was pretty good, and we got a nice free dessert.  Overall, they do a great job, and I think we maybe just got a bit unlucky with a waiter serving (bigger tip) larger tables.|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|uB7upmtvrIhIt33QffSG2Q|3|I had a friend visiting from out of town: the perfect opportunity to try Al Forno. It turned out to be ... meh. Not bad, but not particularly special.Ambiance/Service:=======When we arrived, there was a bit of a wait (5--10 mins), and the bar area was pretty busy. We ended up standing where the entrance, bar, kitchen, and main dining area intersect; it was pretty awkward since it seemed like we were in the way of all the servers. Plus, the host didn't really acknowledge us. Anyway, I ended up getting the attention of a server, and he found us a table. The waiter for our table was really nice. Aside from him, everything about the place made me feel out of place---kind of fancy, in an old-money kind of way.Food:=======We went with a safe appetizer: Fried Calamari, which was pretty delicious. It had a really good Arrabbiata sauce (think: spicy tomato sauce) to go with it. I had the "Linguine with Creamy Egg, Duck Bacon, and Pea Tendrils"---basically, Spaghetti Carbonara with duck bacon. I have a sweet spot for duck, so I was really excited to order this dish. Unfortunately, I didn't think the duck bacon tasted any different than regular bacon (don't get me wrong: I love regular bacon, but I was hoping for something a little different). More importantly, the dish was over-salted. Not terribly over-salted, but noticeable. My friend had the "Braised Pork Shank Filled Ravioli", which was pretty good, but not spectacular.Summary:=======The food was pretty good, but not that exciting. And the ambiance just wasn't my kind of thing. I'd try it again if someone wanted to go, but I won't be the one suggesting it.Other:=======Also, if you're going there on foot, note that the front entrance is actually on South Water St., not South Main. I took my friend down South Main, which is just the back of Al Forno and a few abandoned-warehouse-looking places.|1|0|1
87h9WI6h9cjNHxQd0FizBA|X2Vztu1xlYOEB3Igo9MMZg|2|I find the favorable reviews of this place baffling.The food is acceptable yet the prices pretend its phenomenal. The service was fine but nothing special. The food pretends to be creative and after a couple visits you realize that less creativity and more taste would be better. Dishes don't go together correctly (I have never been for breakfast/brunch so I can't speak to that). Their wine list is atrocious. You should never ever never have a wine list with nothing under $28 if you are trying to attract a mid range comfortable eating crowd. This is something that places like Red Stripe and La Laterie seem to get even though they are better quality and more upscale yet strangely more accessible than the Rue.This is one place that I have tried to like because I know people that see it as a comfortable neighborhood establishment. Though, I can't remember the last time I felt any desire to go there. It's not a bad place but they do precious little right and a lot wrong.|4|1|1
Gdu0UVTG8a9M8syTmT4b6Q|N6tzBF-6Lx3Mip-w_C0E9g|2|I agree with Erin below!  This is a lackluster branch, and while I think that today's youth aren't totally useless, I've NEVER seen a manager in the 15-20 times I've been in this place.  It's almost always a mess, the bathroom is disgrossting, and the store itself is laid out in a totally ridonkulous way.If that's not enough for you, there was some sort of explosion there a couple of months ago.STAY AWAY if you're going to be in the neighborhood of another coffee shop.  The quality is not great and the cleanliness of the whole food prep area is in question.|0|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|KGb6Oc8vPj_2tdGrzsQsDQ|4|I've always viewed the service as sort of a schtick.  I find that as long as you sit down, concentrate, and are ready to order when they come, you will be fine.  It's kinda fun, like Soup Nazi on Seinfeld.  I'm also surprised to see that people don't think it's child-friendly.  I've brought my daughter there all 3 and half years of her life and she's always been treated very well, but she is a well behaved child.  My experience has been if you order quickly, don't ask a million questions, and are polite, you will get decent service.  It's not Capriccio's, they're not going to appear out of nowhere to refill your glass the second you take the last sip.  It's a small, busy place, and perhaps they haven't always been treated well by their customers, as they don't exactly speak English perfectly -who among us does, in Rhode Island- and are most likely immigrants, which is a hard life.  Besides...if the waitresses aren't nice enough for you, try sitting with the chefs.  They have always had a friendly smile, greeting and goodbye for us.My husband and I are pretty big sushi fans, and have eaten in many Japanese restaurants of various types all over the East Coast.  We have never, ever had a bad piece of fish at Sakura, which is certainly more than I can say for either Haruki.  It is simple, quick, clean and fresh- and extremely reasonable. (I wouldn't say "cheap" because who wants "cheap" sushi?)|0|0|0
YwHAVxQyHC3NekG8wUTtew|seoDhKRxvNA6UmsOGFQt0Q|3|Great place to people watch before last call.  You can see some crazy stuff going down in Downcity at the end of a Friday or Saturday night.  Draft list is ok and the food is pretty good for pub fare.  Can't say it's my favorite bar in town but the staff are pretty friendly and they've got 3$ Gansett' tall boys.  Kitchen is open late so sit back, munch on some wings, sip your beer and let the games begin.|0|0|0
7oPD0Kg-BEpMzYt-Z9QY2g|ogORVfJuxyi4yZXvNULXHQ|3|The food was okay but the service was sub par. -My sandwich seemed fresh and pretty tasty, but the portions were a bit small.-I felt rushed to order when it was clear this was my first time there. The atmosphere was empty and cold. I would go back, but only because the lack of a better closer option.|1|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|gE-5s1PtmW5EDXoe3ClLBw|5|Love it! A nice mix of new and interesting cupcake flavors (Maple Bacon) and delicious classics (Red Velvet). All wonderful and oversized.But the food is amazing, too! There are crepes with ham, mustard and gruyere, green salads and several good appetizers. It's a light dinner that's perfect for a date.I visited several times last winter with the fire roaring, lights dim, and fancy-simple decor. Very cozy.Yes, you have to order at the counter and find a table. It's an eat-in-cafe. If you need to be drooled on hand and foot by waitstaff then this isn't the place for you. I personally would rather eat at my own pace and relax.|0|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|SwVqXFmnWh6TDKCEba_Bcg|1|This place makes the Olive Garden look like 5-star gourmet. Everything comes out mushy and the sauces are gross. As mentioned before, the bowls of raw meats seem kind of sketch. I tried to stick to vegetables, but they didn't really have veggies that "match". Baby corn, zucchini and bell peppers? I didn't know that you could just do meat & veggies and then ask for rice or tortillas (for fajitas). That sounds a tiny bit better than cooking food with noodles, which get mushy on the grill.  And the food is cooked in groups of people. If you and your party don't get all of your food together at the same time and get cooked in the same group, then everyone at the table is going to be coming & going and eating at different times. I guess that's good for families who don't like each other.And sure, technically it's all-you-can-eat, but you'd have to spend 2 hours here just to eat two plates.|1|2|1
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|58g59E-c7_vyp6NpMJSJRg|1|PF Changs in Providence, needs to do a better job in hiring employees. Especially in the kitchen. My old Tenant Peter Holmes is a cook their. After living in the house for free for 4 months, I was finally able to get him evicted. I knew he was not the cleanest person, but BOY was I in for a surprise. The entire apartment was a disaster. At least 500 Cigarette Butts in the bathroom sink,Dirty Childs diapers were left in the kitchen sink, Cat litter thrown inside the entire apartment. Used crack pipes in the living room! If this is how he lives, imagine how he cooks! My suggestion do not eat at PF Changs in Providence!  DISGUSTING! I wish I could upload pictures to yelp! As the saying goes pictures are woth 1000 words!|0|1|0
GLdIHOP5VUCdgAiuQnKmPA|qRFNBzYzK4FluN3C-dnO6w|3|Thsi was always our favorite spot to go when we were looking for a fun, comfortable evening. The drinks are spectacular (strong) the chix wings always flavorful and the music and scene are pretty laid back. My only diclaimer: because of the high comfort level, it is very easy to get VERY INTOXICATED. Yes it is fun but yes you may have the "oh no's" the next day...be very careful of oneof my favorite beverages- the mind eraser. You should literaly be waving bye bye to your friends as you drink them because you will need to be updated on the remainder of the night over breakfast the next day.|0|2|0
ASpO-JqCKBWNR08vhdbiTg|uMSNXawulpm9TxrLgm_k5Q|5|What a great store!  My friend and I were drawn to it by the pretty lights in the window, but walking inside proved to be a very good decision.  They carry such cute stuff.  Jewelry, handbags, kitchen accessories, cards - a great place to buy gifts for people.  Some of the handbags looked to be very Queen Bee-inspired, and were indeed vegan but without the huge price tags that tend to accompany Queen Bee merchandise.  Lots of the jewelry was created by local artists (some of whom were RISD students or grads) so it's good to know they are supportive of the Providence art scene.  I bought a couple gifts while I was there, and the salesperson, realizing the items were gifts, wrapped them all up pretty with bows and polka dots , and I didn't even have to ask!  I will definitely stop back into Pie in the Sky when I'm in Providence; it's a great little place.|1|0|2
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|pbQgFiv8Jog1RpDhCEZUbg|3|The food is fine, but really far too expensive for the quality - Iron Wok, also a bit overpriced for Chinese food, is much better and will give you more.|1|0|0
_BG8WroxU2JbZSij6VWx_A|I6-AyUKJhe2VEId3l9ZL3A|3|This is a typical Irish Pub located in Providence near the waterfront. Lots of other restaurants around and close to downtown proper. Decent food and drinks with Irish staff. This place stands out because their COVER BANDS are awesome. They also have darts!|0|0|0
3Fl9FLuDyOiqXOU8iM2Aqw|GmKC7H7w-egvATrz9zF6fA|3|I found this spot taking a back road to Wickendon. I'm charmed by the atmosphere and the delicious Moroccan Mint tea; the good wifi, plentiful power outlets and quiet atmosphere make it perfect for work or study. It's out of the way, but not excessively so, and parking along the street is free, making it a rare bird in Providence. I'm not into hookah and I don't have much experience with Moroccan bars, so I don't have any point of comparison to judge this place's authenticity. I still like it, though, and intend to return.|0|0|0
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|USiX_GqWygylifqPxeQOTA|5|I love pubs so when I find a 'real' pub I am a happy camper! We visited on a Sunday night in February and the place was very quiet.Fish and Chips are amazing!!! Beer menu was fantastic and decor was so authentic and cozy.Service was fast and pleasant and we left very happy.|0|0|1
YrJzG2UyF6ux2A9v5-fLXA|NIzD4MuvzqPbUodpar08Vg|1|I used to eat here regularly and the food was pretty good.  Not so lately. The food is now insipid, bland, and today's food tastes like it was made yesterday.  Sorry to see the place decline.|0|0|0
1-WF9A4i-0fI8XxCFbqrTA|Mere0_uEOiC6yGPasep9HQ|4|So I can agree with the Three Star ratings even though I am giving them 4.  So why Bob you are asking.  Simple, the onion rings and the corn bread.  I have, out of habit, ordered onion rings at a lot of the places around New England.  They are always Beer Battered, which is not my favorite to begin with, and they are almost always frozen, over battered and greasy.  So I know, the definition of insanity.  Guilty.  But, perseverance has paid off.  Rick's are fantastic.  As for the corn bread.  When it first came out, I was a little doubtful.  It was the thickest, cakeyist thing I had ever seen.  But when I cut into it and put on the butter, it was fantastic.  Just a little sweet and it did not crumble.  It was some of the best I had experienced.  The baked beans at first taste were just a little off.  But, if you grab some of the BBQ sauce and add just a squirt, mix it in real good, you will be handsomely rewarded.As for the food, I had the burger with the pulled pork.  The burger itself was great.  You could taste the flame broiled goodness.  The pulled pork on it's own is nothing to write home about.  But oddly enough, on the burger it made the thing complete.The wife and daughter had the ribs and pulled pork combo.  Lots of pulled pork left on the plate along with rib bones.  That is to say, they loved the ribs.  It has been tough finding ribs the ladies like, and they like the ribs.  Actually, the loved the ribs.  My daughters Texan side came out, and she is only 3 and a half.  I think she was going to fight the wife over the last few ribs on the plate.So, given the actual selection of BBQ places here in Rhode Island, I have to give this joint the lead over Wes'es.  LJ's should be put out of business before they hurt someone and the Rib Company, which is really good, just has a terrible interior and quite possibly the worst wait staff in all of New England.So for now, Rick's has my vote.  (* caveat - I am not comparing this to stuff back home because that would not be fare, but for Rhode Island, it is good stuff)|0|0|1
I8dgF5_UENHKJwb0k8J49Q|6oa-O8pPzYAdBmWmgcTwew|5|Who would have thought that amidst the white collar area near Brown University I would find some of the best Mexican food on the eastern seaboard? Bajas Tex Mex has got to be the most authentic Mexican food I've had since  leaving beautiful Southern California.  I have a friend at school who is Latino from LA and has the exact same palate as me when it comes to Mexican food.  One day we decided we would try every Mexican food place in Providence and find the one that tastes as good as SoCal.  Our first venture was to Cilantro Mexican Grill on Weybosset Street, after research it appears there are five of these shit-holes in the state of Rhode Island.  We walked into the place and noticed the not-so-fresh selection of fillers and "pulled pork" instead of "carnitas".  This was a white person's oasis for a Taco Bell replacement. When we ordered our burritos we watched the employee open up a new bag of garbage tortillas, or what East Coasters call wraps.  After making a steak burrito with 75% rice and beans, I knew already this would end badly.If you want a dry, bland, heart attack of a burrito Cilantro is your place, but if you want delicious, authentic Mexican Bajas is hands down the best you can get here.  When facing Bajas you can't help but notice how narrow the actual establishment really is.  Much like a New York City dive, this place has a lot in what little space it offers.  In the front window, it's very common to see one of the employees carving a large amount of pork; watching it fall apart oh so tenderly can immediately draw you into the place.  Similar to most modern Mexican dives, there is an open bar of meats, cheese, toppings, and salsas.Here's the deal, I think anything Mexican is great so ordering is a bitch and a half for me.  I always get carnitas with crispy fish on a wheat tortilla.  Even though fried fish isn't the healthiest item on the menu, it sure is the tastiest.  To counter act the unhealthy but delicious choice of fried fish, eating it with a wheat tortilla and black beans at least makes it remotely healthy.  Sometimes I order the hottest salsa, and trust me, it's very hot.  If you don't want to turn red and burn the inside of your mouth, I'd say order the  salsa verde.  It has a mild kick and doesn't leave you gasping for water.  The burritos are descent size but you never leave regretting how much you ate, unless you order two, or a side of their made-to-order nachos.|1|0|0
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|jHGnI6Z7ibLYP1ugz2RP_w|3|I had the sushi, it was fresh and well made.  Very simple and clean, not all dressed up like some places.  It was nice.  My dinner guest ordered a steak.  It looked a little well done.   The scenery was nice but the tables were set a little close together.  All in all the prices were a little high but the service was excellent.  I would recomend but would caution....I would eat a steak at Ruths Chris before I paid 30$ for a steak here.  It might just be a better place for drinks and appatizers.|0|0|0
YEUgaDmoKvYQynNgVGenbw|CHgbA40DxgQwr0t_s-dblw|1|Whenever I'm in Providence and see unsuspecting diners strolling into this restaurant I just want to shout: "DON'T DO IT!" The service is TERRIBLE. My meal came out about 20 minutes before my friends meal was served. They messed up his order and they took 15 minutes to get our check.The avocado in my sushi was browning and I felt like running for the door. This restaurant leaves me questioning why I can't give ZERO stars.|1|1|0
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|Xy6iRr-bcxssG8lOY0tRnQ|5|Found this restaurant by searching for Asian restaurants in Providence and sorting by highest rated.  Did not disappoint.Coming off 195 I thought this was a very residential location.  Parking was a bit tough (though probably only seemed so because it was pouring rain.)You walk in and think "This place HAS to have the best food because it's a hole in the wall."Worn down place settings, bottom-of-the-barrel silverware, cheap napkins, plastic "ceramic" plates and tea-cups.Good thing it doesn't matter because the Street Noodles might be the best thing I've ever tasted in my life.Shared this along with a Whole Crispy Garlic Fish with a co-worker on the way back from a trip to Long Island.  Just amazing, every bite.The service too was lacking, so please appreciate how much the 5 stars mean  for the food because it had to carry the rest of the categories.|3|0|0
ezfOX2z0EOFH6UOQyrkRpA|2e7SB35LXfoBKh54jYqZqA|4|Everything was great.  The food and service was outstanding.  It was a little pricey especially the wine, but our overall experience made it all worth it.   I would recommend this restaurant for a special occasion.Lorna O|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|5THOPwq9R4ld3_RbZvMZjg|5|What can I say that hasn't already been said about this wonderful establishment? I can only echo everyone's praises of the greatest falafel I've ever had... do yourself a tremendous favour and order a falafel wrap, everything on it, WITH HOT SAUCE. I just ate lunch and I'm salivating just thinking about it. They also have "dynamite" sauce in a bottle (different from the aforementioned hot sauce) that lives underneath the ingredients, and if you ask for it, the folks there will douse some on your wrap, but I warn you, it's pretty damn hot. Their chicken wraps are also good... as are their grape leaves... as is their baklava... as is everything else on their menu, but their superstar is definitely the falafel wrap. All decently priced. And don't worry--you WILL be full afterwards!Oh, how I wish Thayer Street were closer to Boston... but, hey, for this alone, the hour drive/train ride would be worth it!|3|2|3
ZCNv3o4kekN2PPUTlP294w|x5CMZDlNRZgwpliJy63SIw|4|I really truly love The Wild Colonial.  Apparently, it's was voted one of the 50 best bars in America by Esquire Magazine; I can see why!Big, open, spacious, gracious, gorgeous, dark, romantic, burly and dungeon-like.  They serve a great beer selection on tap and in bottles.  Usually always packed.  Pool tables.  Darts.  No televisions.  Good music.  Great times.|1|0|0
t0CBd_dgyztTvUkGX5fPBg|jamBToZqN8uNKPYkRX7yDw|4|I know, I know, I know. Four stars. You would think someone who goes there at least once every weekend (at least) would give it five stars, but I can explain.The first time I went to Bagel Gourmet was when my brother was going to Brown undergrad. After a long (and very fun) night, sometimes the only thing to bring you back to life is a bacon, egg and cheese with some hot sauce. Now that I live in Providence, it's becoming a weekend ritual to go there at least once.My favorite items juggle between an onion bagel toasted with cream cheese, a bacon, egg and cheese or a simple egg and cheese. I give major props to Bagel Gourmet for using real eggs. No real eggs? No business from this gal. I have never felt that my order wasn't cooked well, and I haven't had to worry that I'll get the wrong order. Somehow despite all the activity that is constantly flowing through the establishment, they are able to keep track of who ordered what, how they wanted it, and whether or not they need some hot sauce.Like everyone else has said, there is no avoiding one thing: the line. Sometimes it's small and you get in just in time before the crowd magically appears, sometimes you're stuck at the end. The crew tries to move the line as quickly and efficiently as they can. I would say the only issue is that some people hover around the counter while they wait for their food, and that causes the massive pile up. Stupidity and impatience is a learned trait.Why four stars? I don't think it's the cleanest place in all of Providence. That could have to do with all the people coming in and leaving their trash on the tables instead of throwing them away in the conveniently located trash cans, or it could just appear to be less than sparkling because the building itself isn't in the best shape. But to date I have never seen a rodent that doesn't belong and I have never had anything, but an awesome breakfast from Bagel Gourmet.Pick up your trash, damnit!|2|3|4
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|qTXaS4iDUOe2n7Pyh-tR7A|3|OPA!!!! So  I'm all, A-OK, about this place because you can sit outside (no more than 4 at a table though) and get your people watchen' on. ALSO because the food is delicious and GIANT....but nothen' cray cray goin on.I have had the Greek Salad, Spinach Salad--- which includes a giant brick of feta, topped with super-sized chicken or shrimp. The staff is pretty nice and you really rarely have a long wait. I have been here 3x and haven't had a bad experience yet.  The Greek dressing is omg. The prices are pretty reasonable as well. Enjoy some serious Greek nom nom. Why not 5 stars... because it hasn't BLOWN me away.If you wanna die by feta...this is your kinda place.|0|2|1
QadrDmx4k6Tl7QDz4fAWdg|xskdmkZQJVqFLgwhrB6vrw|5|Dear Blue State Coffee, please move to California so i can visit you all the time.  Also, please continue making the best hot chocolate ever. kthxbai|1|0|0
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|lPPzQiZcZVH3An3jwUTdYw|1|This might be the first time I've ever publicly commented on a dining experience. There are myriad reasons why I eschew retreating to the internet to slander businesses, but this particular trip was so bad that I cannot help myself. Both my fiance and I have worked in the food service industry before so we are, I think, pretty well attuned to how restaurants work and why things go poorly or well. What we encountered was a systemic failure at almost every level. As it wasn't yet busy, we were seated quickly by our hostess. I'm pretty sure that when she finished seating us she just went back to doing whatever she was doing on her iPhone, which she was clearly attending to far more often than any visible employee ever should. It would have been nice if she noticed that: a) our table had no chips and salsa, and b) she placed my chair in a high traffic area when it could have been placed otherwise (something she told me after we'd been there for about an hour and had been bumped or elbowed countless times by staff and patrons). For my drink I opted for a 16 oz. can of Tecate; however, they misspelled it as "Tacate". No big deal - it's just a typo. When my Tecate arrives, though, it's just a 12 oz. can. No big deal - we have an self-addmittedly new server who was probably handed the wrong size can. I can live with this. Then I order a second Tecate and, sure enough, it's just a 12 oz. can. It was priced at either $3 or $4, though I believe the latter is more likely. I was comfortable with shelling out $4 for cheap Mexican beer that I used to drink when I lived in San Diego (I bought it mostly for nostalgic purposes), provided that I was getting at least 16 oz. of it. But the people charged with tending to the menu failed to properly spell the name of the beer correctly and denote the correct size. Or perhaps he or she used to have the 16 oz. cans, but ran out and never bothered to tell the staff. If this is true, I'm surprised the staff (at least the server and bartender) didn't think to tell the customer that what I'm ordering is really the 12 oz can. But for $4? You can literally buy a six pack of Tecate cans for that price. So there's either incompetence at several levels or a blatant attempt to rip off customers. I'll give them the charitable reading, so I'm assuming they're just really inattentive. As I briefly mentioned, we were not served chips and salsa. This was our first time there so we didn't know this was customary. It wasn't until we were already finished with the appetizer we ordered that we picked up on this. Had we been offered the chips and salsa we surely wouldn't have ordered an appetizer. Did I mention we were brought the wrong appetizer? We understand that mistakes happen. It is OK that we weren't brought chips and salsa. All we wanted is someone to recognize this. That's it. Neither the hostess nor the server once addressed it.Our entrees were underwhelming. I ordered the carne asada burrito, but simplified it: just carne asada, refried beans, rice, and cheese. (The original iteration would have come with other things.) Despite explaining to the server that I didn't want anything else in the burrito, other ingredients peppered the inside. Onions, lettuce, pico de gallo (which I explicitly noted should be subtracted from my order) were all present. I never understood how making an order with less ingredients is more difficult. This shouldn't be a problem if the people preparing the food are doing their job. Although they call it the carne asada burrito, there was barely any steak. Most of it was rice and refried beans. What little steak I had tasted fine; it would've been nice to have more of it.I'm not sure what to think of the aesthetic. It's definitely striving for trendy, but this design clashes with other particular features, viz. painted Mexican wrestlers and hanging bras. The pervasiveness of the hot pink lighting created a distinctly effeminate feel, which is fine, but, again, doesn't cohere with other elements. And they had the Food Channel on. Not too sure what to make of that. The design is overall fairly confusing, which is unfortunate because it's a great place for restaurant or bar (or whatever Lola's is supposed to be).I agree with other reviews calling for vegetarian options. If you didn't want to eat meat you would have to settle for their chips and salsa (as long as they remember to give them to you!) or just drink overpriced, mislabeled, flavorless Mexican beer. Or their "margaritas" - there's more alcohol in my breakfast Cheerios than in their mixed drinks. My fiance ordered the one with mango. It was flavorful, but devoid of alcohol.I know I'm being politically correct here, but I thought it somewhat inconsiderate to bestow the appellation "bipolar" to one of their drinks. (Their margaritas are named after moods, or something like that.) I'm not sure someone with a bipolar child or friend would be wont to patron a place with something like that on the menu.|0|1|0
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|ZBx4G7WYHtAMJF7BP4FdPQ|3|The smell emitting from United is more than a little intoxicating. Slow smoked meat. Fantastic. Went for take out last night and I am so sad to say that, although the homemade chips and Cole law were delicious, the pulled pork sandwich  was greasy, yet dry and unsauced, and, ultimately, gave me a belly ache. I've been here before and been delighted ' cause I really do love BBQ.   Maybe last night was a fluke?That's the reason for 3 stars and not more or less.|1|0|0
YwHAVxQyHC3NekG8wUTtew|bDuVjoGOoilJEgfhM1iQfg|3|I needed a quick bite before the Prov. Pride parade, and I just happened to stumble in to Blake's. It was exactly what I was looking for at the moment: relatively cheap bar food.I ordered a basic burger and my boyfriend got a garden salad. The bus boy that brought out the food automatically assumed that the MAN ordered the burger. Tisk, tisk, bro.The burger was decent and the cheese was nice and melty. My boyfriend's salad was big and leafy and the veggies looked pretty fresh. Overall, the food was much better than I expected it would be.At first the service was great, and I was surprised at how our waitress managed to keep on top of things, even amongst a giant party in the city. However, we ended up waiting quite awhile for the bill, which was unexpected. Also, as we were leaving, we overheard another waitress reciting the specials to a table near the door. Before our meal, we had asked our server if there were any specials. She said there were none. Hmm.I was also pretty disappointed in the beer selection. You would think that a rustic-looking bar smack dab in the middle of downcity would have something out of the ordinary on tap. The best beer on tap was probably Sam Summer.I'm sure I'll return. Just like the rating states, it was A-OK.|0|2|2
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|4VTO476chO-o6pN8LUvK8Q|4|I'm definitely a fan of exotic food and new experiences. I've had Ethiopian cuisine only once before (at Addis Red Sea in Boston), but that was many years ago--and I'd since forgotten how good it was. At the suggestion of a friend last week, I tried Abyssinia, right in my own backyard, for the first time. It won't be the last. We ate al fresco at Abyssinia, which is located on Wickenden St., a charming place to eat outside on a summer night. The neighborhood has a half working-class/half College Hill vibe that makes it great for people watching, while still managing to be somewhat peaceful. The night we went, it was a real relief to be able to sit outside, as a walk into the restaurant's entryway made it abundantly clear: either the air conditioning was broken, or they simply don't have AC. Either way, uncomfortable heat is a real bummer when it comes to eating a meal of any significance. Authenticity has its limits; I want to eat my Ethiopian food without feeling like I am actually sitting on the African plain.The two of us split the large vegetarian combination plate, which offers a sampling of seven different delights, all of which can be eaten by hand using injera: the soft, spongy bread that doubles as a utensil. Even more injera acts as a sort of "tablecloth" underneath all those amazing vegetable samples, soaking up the juices of the food and waiting to be enjoyed at the end of the meal.The different flavors and textures are delicious, and the plate was filling for two people (I said "uncle," long before it was all gone). It was a satisfying, generously portioned, and out of the ordinary meal for a more than reasonable $10 per person. If you've never had the pleasure of having Ethiopian food, I highly recommend that you step out of your comfort zone and try Abyssinia.|0|0|0
L3uemg97EJZ1SfjEE60Qvw|sPgNh2RpuzS7pc7U1xN90Q|4|Tuesday is quickly becoming my favorite work day of the week because the Poco Loco truck is parked downtown and just waiting for me when I get out of work.Simply the best burritos in a truck (or elsewhere) since the Taqueria. Try the PB & J burrito, you won't regret it. I would seriously eat one every day if I could.The thing that puts Poco Loco ahead of the competition for me is the obvious freshness in their ingredients and the simple fact that they care about flavor.|1|0|1
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|kxXd2El7B4GTf97OILggWw|4|So they have a really nice dinner for 2 option thats a four course for only $40. Pretty sweet, I'm in love with their honey crisp chicken, and can never finish it. My boyfriend didn't care for their kung pao something or other, but everything else we've ever had has been pretty good. The service is always friendly. Decent place over all.|0|0|0
ooNlNmDvLdmPuR_b_b2Rww|BeJeIEpaLR_amvSQVrk_dQ|4|Definitely a fan of Dok's! I split the 'Super Tuscan" sandwich with my boyfriend and a cup of the turkey veggie soup. Both portions were perfect for either one or two people depending on how hungry you are. Everything tasted very fresh, the only thing was I wasnt a fan of the coleslaw. I like mine with mayo! The inside is small but there are plenty of tables and window seats to choose from. The staff is friendly and the place was very clean inside. I'll be back!|0|0|0
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|m3MkqidMw_8k4QJMyX53vg|4|Didn't eat here, but walked in and was immediately struck by the 'scene' of the whole place.  Everyone sizes you up the second you walk in the door, and if they don't approve immediately, they want nothing to do with you.  The place itself is really nice, well done up, friendly bartenders, nice design, drinks weren't overly expensive.  Overall, I was actually pretty impressed and would definitely go back...if I'm ever in Providence, RI again...|0|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|GuDx9MgPUIQTA5sW2Ry21A|4|If there were more places like this I might still be a vegetarian. Their Veggie Reuben is a top 5 sandwich in my book. That's in the league of Spankys cheesesteak and Mr. M's corned beef.Their chocolate chip cookie is why I am writing this review. Most of us working in SF are familiar with Specialty's cookies and that got me reminiscing. Meeting street's is way better and not so overly rich like the Specialtys. And if I remember correctly, a hint of cinnamon.Couples eating here can just order one sandwich and dessert and that should be about the right amount of food for two. This place was expensive when I was a college student, but totally reasonable as a grownup now. Crowds and seating can be an issue.|2|0|2
1-WF9A4i-0fI8XxCFbqrTA|1Z4q8zpCRuGZ0S7qmTcvQw|2|Unfortunately this place doesn't know how to smoke... My brisket was dry as possible, the ribs were semi ok, and the fried mac and cheese was offensive.  I'll come back tho.... When a waitier swears at me, i'm in my glory lol.  They are all hot shits that work there... get some bourbon and make the best of out it.|0|0|0
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|3XxsH5vS3yJDnYLxSnRu3A|4|Not bad.The food was good, so was the service.It was an all around good experience, just nothing to rave about.|0|0|0
3QHNTTw5D0wZsGoap_OMRA|VbHAx_JOu5h_-FBOqVfSiQ|4|Don't usually see food trucks on Federal Hill so I was pleasantly surprised to find this one on Broadway.  I tried the grilled cheese with pickles (totally forget the name of it) and it was great!  Crunchy pickles not overwhelmed by the cheese, just right.  Prices are decent and the food is good.|0|0|0
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|FWlT0UXhmVIHxNfQ6A95Tw|3|Thayer Street is one of my go-to weekend locals, and one evening, by chance, I happened into the English Cellar Alehouse, which runs perpendicular to Thayer. English Ale Cellar presents a nice contrast to the Kartobar's, Paragon's, and other college haunts/guido spots that populate Thayer. Quality and unique brews, decent prices and my god...available seating! A good place to switch it up if you don't feel like being packed into a bar awkwardly standing next to that one sweaty guy with spiked hair and a button down who just won't stop trying to dance with each and every girl who walks past him...|1|2|1
ILLYK1PwY2F5c__Dhycopw|iJMDvVg6Mgl43is4XxIKsA|4|For the price of the food, you definitely get your money's worth here, not only in the food department but also in service.  We ate here with a relatively large party, shared some bottles of wine and appetizers, basically all of us had steaks.  Mine was a sliced filet with cipollini onions and mushrooms.  It was cooked perfectly although I thought the sauce was just a little off from what I would have preferred.  They had added some figs I think to sweeten the sauce, and I probably would have preferred it without.  I also tasted my friend's filet oscar, which was yummy.  The sides were also really great.  Tried the onion rings, the lobster mac and cheese and the creamed spinach.  Our waiter was on top of his game.  He was very friendly, took excellent care of us and all of our needs.  Most of my party had eaten there the week before and had him as well and love love loved him!  I spent WAY more than I had planned, but I would definitely come back for a special occasion.  I can't exactly afford a meal here on a regular basis! :)|2|0|1
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|teZg4dXkYjHMOuopVapKZw|4|As most others said, this place is ridiculously cute. The prices are fairly reasonable and the food was good. I had the 'Sweet Baby James' crepe (strawberry and marscapone cheese) which left me wanting more! My honey latt was nice but nothing to write home about. It was crowded, as expected, when we went on a Sunday afternoon but we'd made reservations and were seated promptly. There isn't much of a reception area since the place is an old house so it's snug when you first arrive and you'll have to look around for a waitress. If there's more than one or two parties waiting for seats, it gets extremely crowded. Take the time to peek around and look at the paintings on the walls (all copies of famous works with alterations to include a duck or a bunny, or both!)The perfect place for a girls' lunch date.|2|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|yZyUc9ChBerAAeUY8ygSfw|5|Right under my nose for 20 years. I never knew it existed.To think of all the grilled pizza I've missed. It's a tragedy.Al Forno has a place of honor in the definitive book on American pizza. That was what brought me here. They grill the pizza and it is very, very, good, but I would have liked a little more toasty smoke infused in the crust. I experimented with grilling pizza at home and the grilled flavor is a great contrast to the cheese. Mmm.I wanted to try the Dirty Steak, but when I found out how much it was ($42) I had dirty shorts instead. Reservations are ONLY for parties of 6 or more.Expect a 45 to 1 hour wait during peak times.The crowd thins out after 8. The seating is a little tight. It gets loud and can get very stuffy hot in there. Bar A-Service B+Food A|8|6|2
SebzGPx68D3cMaLcoHSfUA|dQ8pqNXhR-N6QFYSqACXdg|5|Great food, great service!  Try the grilled peanut butter and jelly sandwich.|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|o_naR5UiF1GJMDZ7Dkh_dw|3|i wish review writers could go through a separate portal. present your review without the ratings of others. otherwise, it's like taking a test that someone's already scribbled over with red pen, right or not. three stars, yes. i wanted to say more. i liked the website, loud and proud. big, man. the space -- big. big open doors that could swing out to a warm patio on a hot summer day. nice brick facades, big warehouse windows, point lighting just to the point of warmth. i went with a friend, who said the service could be spotty, the food could be hit-or-miss, the drinks were good, and the place could be easily packed on a good night. we went, and it wasn't packed. then again, it was early. i had the ropa vieja. portion was big. 2 tiny slices of maduros. rice was okay, ropa vieja was okay -- not very spicy, not a huge amount of flavor, dry, but not too dry. didn't feel like the rich savory stuff in my memory. hence the three stars. dock a star if you count authenticity. add the star back for the decor. the empanada appetizer was AN empanada. it was good, crisp, homemade. i just wanted more of it.prices were sorta moderate. i hadn't had cuban food in a while, and just wanted a fun atmosphere and just as cool food. instead, i got a cool atmosphere and okay food. i didn't mind what i got, if it weren't for the fact that, for the price, i think you're better taking your money elsewhere, given the large saturation of hispanic community in the vicinity, and certainly a mom-and-pop who could do the cuisine sweet justice. even if it is a back-of-the-home two stool shop.|0|0|0
QadrDmx4k6Tl7QDz4fAWdg|YYIRJ5_FvnueAxxbduHE9Q|2|I think I can land a spitball from my dorm window on Blue State's roof.The mission and atmosphere of the shop is great, but the coffee is weirdly subpar. I wish I could come here in the mornings for coffee, but it's so undrinkably bland that I'm forced to make my own.Four stars for atmosphere (minus one for the new location in New Haven--as one pundit put it, "Now we know that when someone says Brown is their first and only choice, they're waitlisted at Yale"), and zero for the coffee.|0|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|RepbaM5Opkimc95QNy8aPw|3|The sushi was fresh, tasty and reasonable in price. The soba noodles I ordered was a generous portion but thought it would be in a soup. Instead it was fried and not as healthy as I wanted. We sat in the tatami room, which was cozy but the restaurant overall seemed a bit run down. Service was fine - attentive and quick. I didn't feel rushed to order.|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|eCK1nU14cJgKL3L-aJ9r-Q|4|Great place to meet friends or for a date. Beautiful bar, great staff and the food is super fresh and well prepared. It is a bit pricey- but worth it. Even the lowly burger is done perfectly. Menu is smallish- but that probably explains why everthing is done perfectly. I recommend that you try lunch/drinks on Saturday to get the feel of the place. It's almost like going back in time to the 20's (guessing)|1|0|0
MXBuC9ys4RCJB9xPYYY8Lg|Luj3s_MdUI-Og-j2-eQB-Q|5|This my favorite place to go when someone else is paying (expect entrees just under $30).  It's a kind of Asian fusion sort of thing.  There's always a nice, interesting tuna dish or two, and that's generally what I've gotten in the past - never disappointed.  That may change though, because yesterday I had the steak, and it was amazing.There's a nice view of the river if you sit upstairs, and a pretty smooth looking bar downstairs.   I think they have live jazz on occasion.|1|0|1
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|StPOlWhrAry3q0oQe-FeIA|1|I HAVE HAD IT!  I used to love this place.  Quick, cheap, reliable and pretty decent.  They moved and have never recovered.  The quality of food has declined and never come back.  The value is also gone. The prices are not terrible but the portions are.  Service is an absolute nightmare. Slow, difficult, inadequate and evrey time I have been it is different people.  I have completely given up and am not going back!|0|0|0
e3OqPQ6ayfhIXI04FXy3Ig|ybIoXWnrkfC12PJKTs7pJA|4|I was craving Pinkberry style frozen yogurt after gorging myself on the buffet at Kabob and Curry, and noticed Juniper when walking up and down Thayer St with my boyfriend. I wasn't expecting much, especially not the awesomeness that was handed over to me! I thought the toppings were a bit stingy (I'm just used to Pinkberry and Red Mango), but the fro-yo was PERFECT. Seriously. And the portion size was perfect for me since I had just eaten myself silly!The person behind the counter was super sweet, and I felt like it was a very good thing I didn't live nearby. (Or I would be here EVERY DAY).|0|0|0
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|KNTJ1EIe8ePkgQHW8xGCKw|5|Excellent sushi. We had an excellent waiter (Johnny). He asked if we were going to PPAC for show and made sure we were out on time while not feeling rushed in the process.|0|0|0
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|mkBgQOwDE5OrrktAkBXatQ|5|Nam yaa...oh sweet spicy goodnessIf panang/red curry got it on with tom yum soup, you would get nam yaa (plus noodles, minus coconut)Must...have...more NAM YAAAA!!!I was thinking of docking the stars to a 4/5 because of the credit card minimum, but the nam yaa was so good that I don't have the heart to!I hear they open the upstairs dining room on the weekends when it is really busy, and if you have a large group, you should call ahead to make sure you can have a table upstairs.GLUTEN FREE DINERS:If you want the nam yaa, make sure to ask for the rice noodle sticks. Also, I think they use soy sauce in the broth, but I'm not sure if it has gluten or not (I didn't have any gluten issues).|1|0|0
wMXggu190ZT0smWMicTG-g|-tnodf38uCXjogMhZtcWxw|2|I hit Everyman for lunch this past week...overall it was merely ok. They had a good selection of beer that I thought was overpriced by a quarter to 50 cents a glass. If their aim was to have somone have one with dinner, fine, but if you want to make this place a hangout, prices like that won't fly in RI. I had the David's Pot Burger which was good, but not cooked to my order ( if they aren't going to cook medium, then why go to the trouble of asking?) and the fries were burnt. I'll probably pass on going back...|1|0|1
BxmSFfCPQN_bg24l44a56Q|wHc7auXp3GsIRRDfZ9PVgQ|4|Great atmosphere. Interesting but tasty cocktails. Menu is limited and a lil fancy but the food was great!|0|0|0
PUcbOM5EdCijAhFN9GAtBw|uaAEeBvh3pFZMgAEHwCY-w|3|First impression: Ordered pickup, but ignored for two minutes when I first walked in (-1 star).  Whoops.The food: Very tasty thin crust pizza.  Went with the Barbecued Chicken and the Margarita (they need some spelling help).  Great ingredients, great pizza.  Also got the fresh flat bread chips with some sun dried tomato pesto dip.  Absolutely delicious.  Pasta and sandwiches (although not tested) sound equally delicious.The atmosphere: Nice inside, not much of a place to sit and eat but a few small tables.  Slices available.  Other notes: A bit on the pricy side, but probably worth it!|0|0|0
G7zdZt33PU_Gfmt3qHD88w|zbmI4MhjLsFFyI3GuPfb3g|1|I live on wickenden street and am much fonder of Sakura, however, when it's crappy weather or I'm hung over Tokyo glares at me from directly across the street. I've only had four encounters with this place, 2 times I've gone there the service was AWFUL. They took forever to take our order, took an equally long amount of time to bring us our food, both times they messed up our order by forgetting to bring us a certain sushi roll (both times it was my order that was botched), THEN they took forever to bring me the sushi roll they neglected to bring the first time, and lastly one of those times they overcharged us on the bill. The sushi itself is okay, nothing exceptional or truly special. I would have a better opinion of this place if the service didn't ruin it for me those two times. All in all, the only interaction with Tokyo I'll have again is glaring at it with disdain from my bedroom window across the street.|0|0|0
ezfOX2z0EOFH6UOQyrkRpA|Wjo9tT_syyMLS7zdnTOFAQ|4|I went last year during restaurant week, the only reason that I would go given their usual prices. The food did not disappoint, and was probably the best steak I've ever consumed. The tortilla soup was not that great, and much to my boyfriends chagrin, I traded my soup for his Caesar salad which was lovely. Service was good, ambiance was nice as well.|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|GuGlmkSwKrZYmqvosLaQrA|3|I live right around the corner, and I've eagerly been awaiting the opening of Abyssinia for what seems like forever!  It was definitely worth the wait :)Yum! The food here is delicious.  We ordered the vegetarian sampler, which included five dishes and a lot of the famed spongy Ethoipian bread.  Each dish was different and very well favored.I wish the portions had been slightly bigger.  While I'm not someone to stuff myself, I still wasnt quite full.  Maybe if we had ordered an appetizer that would have helped.The service was excellent. Very attentive and friendly staff. When we told out waiter we were in a rush, he made sure our food came out in no time.I hope in time the menu will be expended to add a couple of new options.I will definitely be back to this new Providence gem!|1|0|0
SkY-3itZowxA9lByHVX2Dg|6l26pEyuPkIcPEHbmM6x7A|2|I just can't get excited about the place.. I tried a few times.. Not the worst place in the world but several other places I rather go.|0|0|0
LahgT0Dec0B6NSws7VHiJQ|YIofJFd4m6gqG3mTFyJKZA|5|So one time I was there and I decided to get two dogs.  Chowed them down and was particularly hungry that day so ordered a third.  While I was waiting, L'Artisan du Chien Chaud called out a dog for Mike.  Mike was nowhere to be seen so after a few more calls out to Mike, I spoke up and said "I can be Mike."  2 minutes later I was Mike and 10 minutes later I was happily full.  Thanks Mike, wherever you are!Oh, and the hot dogs are amazing.  The buns are substantial, just like the dogs and the toppings.  Most of the topping combos are pretty good too, and of course you're free to mix and match.  Samurai Dog (teriyaki sauce and sauteed onions) + Ball Park Dog (Mustard, Cheddar, Onions) = Samurai Balls! (sweaty).|0|0|0
YwHAVxQyHC3NekG8wUTtew|EtwnrL7v2MydEDfCMc2JjA|3|It's a decent enough downtown pub--I'd recommend it for a quick beer and bite before heading to a game or a concert. None of the food has ever taken my breath away, but it offers the basics: reasonably priced beer (and a reasonable selection of said beer), a menu of predictable but tasty offerings, and a low-key, relaxed atmosphere. It's dive-tastic, but if you're looking to get a group of people together before a game or concert to mimic a tailgate, you can rent out the back rooms. Friends of mine have done it on numerous occasions, and while it ain't pretty, it works. They've offered specials a number of times--they've brought in reps from Narragansett or Newport Storm Breweries and had gimmicky games and such, which was fun and offered a chance for some free swag. While this place has never bowled me over, it's a solid pub.|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|uJztQviv9yg7aFHlB5yyyw|3|If you're over 6ft. tall, try not to go inside. Imagine Alice in Wonderland meets a baroque music video made by an eccentric 4-year-old, meets low ceilings and superb cupcakes. Honestly, the interior of the Duck and Bunny makes me nervous about possibly having a seizure, but their cupcakes are out of this world, as are their cocktails. I took a friend from NY here when she visited and the first words out of her mouth were "What IS this place?" She then proceeded to eat 2 giant cupcakes and drink 3 cocktails with muddled fruit and herbs. During the summer, they have a really great back patio that's perfect for lounging with friends on a warm evening. The patio does NOT look like Alice in fever dream Wonderland, which is its other plus.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|VbHAx_JOu5h_-FBOqVfSiQ|3|I've been here a few times and I'm convinced the decor and location are the real draw because the food is just okay.  They drown the burgers in sauce/toppings so you end up with a drippy mess.  Still, if you're looking for a burger place in downtown Providence, this is the place to go.|1|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|uJztQviv9yg7aFHlB5yyyw|5|I realized that moving from the West Coast, finding awesome coffee would an uphill battle on the East Coast, especially in such a small town, but the food here is so incredible, it's been confusing as to why the coffee and cafes are 20 years behind. Except for Tazza.I can't speak to their food since I only ever go in because they are one of the few places (are there any others, actually?) in Providence that serves high quality, pour-over, cup-by-cup coffee, as well as siphen and french press coffee. They're also one of the few places that doesn't serve coffee made from New Harvest beans, which--though local--leaves a lot to be desired in terms of a quality cup of deliciousness. Tazza sources its beans from all over, but they're all small batch, hand-roasted.It's still not quite a Blue Bottle experience, but if you're a coffee lover or if you've moved to Providence from a coffee lover's paradise, it's a great approximation. Also, the staff is SUPER nice, as are their old fashioned handmade doughnut holes. And they have a really great back room with seating that looks like low-to-the-ground Eames chairs with tweed upholstery. How fun is that?Coffee! Eames! Doughnuts! Tazza! GO!|0|0|0
AMcQOPu1hcSl7f6iguru3Q|Bzaeqmh2nBxe-qJmLXHVmw|4|I just happen to pop into this place after a concert at Waterplace Park one Friday night. We sat at a table just inside the establishment  rather than outside on the walkway. The large folding glass wall was open so it was pretty much alfresco dining...but we were 6 feet from the street traffic , noise, and exhaust fumes.  The lighting is just right and the service was very good, waitress was very attentive but not overly as some can be. The food was actually very good for Bar n Grill type fare...try the Lobster Mac n Cheese...also the warm Apple Walnut Crisp with Vanilla Ice Cream!!!  AWESOME!!! Pricing is reasonable for location meaning not to pricy...I definetly will be back again.....|1|0|0
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|dKtWXGAjQn-bSLP31ZmG5g|5|I am going to write this review and try to gush too much. Ten Prime Steak and Sushi will provide you with one of the best dining experiences you will ever have. Their sushi is some of the freshest I have ever had. Their specialty rolls, especially the Sammy Morris Roll and the tempura fried Roll Ten, are the most unique and delicious rolls I have ever tasted. All their steaks are top notch. They have corn feed Western beef, prime, all natual, and Wagyu (Kobe Beef - although a NY Strip would be $25/once) and all are always cooked to your exact specifications. And please don't forget crisp onion straws, garlic mashed, or the mac cheese sides which are all delicous!Price wise you are going to spend some money. For drinks, sushi, steak, sides, and desert you're looking at a roughly $200 bill. But if you like great food, please do not let that scare you away. The food is worth it.|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|ONM_0pEx_M3covVFKe5F3w|3|Good place to go for a slice of a whole pie. They have many different combination on hand. Last time I stopped in I ordered the Code Blue. The pizza was great despite the damage to my arteries.|1|0|0
1-WF9A4i-0fI8XxCFbqrTA|9PhM1xYXeKxRkG1Us_kE8A|5|I heart Rick's. It's wicked cheap and all of the servers are really friendly. The majority of the menu is insanely cheap. I've only tried a few things off the menu, but have been really happy with everything. The Slow Smoked Chicken dinner is awesome, two pieces of bbq chicken awesome and I get it every time. My friend is vegan and says their vegan burger is one of the best she's ever had. I would also suggest going to Rick's for just drinks. Beers are pretty cheap and you can get pitchers of mixed drinks for about $15. When it's nice out they open up the bar to lead out to their outside seating - picnic benches and corn hole. Good times all around.|1|0|0
RIzlH7t_wVhiTFklmYC1RA|xDn6xQB3J9xZY0ikCENBJQ|5|New Rivers has always been a favorite, and I have written a glowing review before. It is now in the innovative and capable hands of Beau in the kitchen and Elizabeth in the front of house (both of whom have been there for years). They are taking the mantle handed off by Bruce, the former owner, and running with it. Every meal that we've had since the new ownership has been OUTSTANDING! Beau's food just keeps getting better and better. Elizabeth is running the place with a keen eye and warm heart. Go and enjoy this wonderful restaurant!|0|0|1
BhjVNGhWBeWx-joM_xwS9w|CzfrFHwKt6_QuNjv39qbBQ|5|Love the deli and burgers. Bring cash tip well. Culinary industry leave ur chef coat in the car here we all are... Been bombed on the first time I wore one in. Lol|0|0|0
NKVltLT41jYd8A1YPhkxnQ|fMFUNmmtkzBlYS0Gk_FVdw|1|The last time I came here, I was refused service 15 minutes before closing time. Also, their ice cream is overpriced. Try one of the many other establishments on Thayer for your late-night frozen food fix!|0|0|0
dQfvxeuNNqku7mozkk4Y3w|jsWbvQ4dIDUkZDbJw3b76Q|5|We ate here last night before going to a show at Lupos. All of us thought the food was very good. We each had a hamburger ($6.50) and fries. It is convenient and fast so you can't expect a gourmet meal. We didn't try the hot dogs so we can't comment on those.|0|0|0
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|fMFUNmmtkzBlYS0Gk_FVdw|4|Since I discovered that Shanghai delivers, I've had to impose limits on myself, lest I eat their delicious vegetable fried rice and Peking ravioli for every meal.|0|0|0
RD-icRypSMg6nA4Xy8dCUw|j-yXAQo-kIikdg5rmwtkeA|2|Still not enough food, still too expensive, and recently they have started screwing up my to-go orders as well.  They aren't careful about giving you the correct noodle types you order, and I got very sick because of it the last time I ate from there.|0|0|0
9hjuKkPO0LryqAq1xSfpuA|wOM9y93dSk16r_ZHlgPQbg|4|I truly enjoyed our visit here. I am not sure why this restaurant only has 3 stars.The ambiance is nice, the servers were overly friendly and played with my son for quite some time.As the title states, it is all in the taste. The seasonings were excellent, and the flavor of the lamb boti masala haunts me in my dreams and I awake craving some--The portions are not extremely overwhelming, but with roti, an appetizer (veg. momo), the lamb entree, and the dessert my friend, son, and I were pleasantly satisfied and not overstuffed.The prices are a bit high for entrees, and the staff forgot to give us the menus, but everything else was great.Good job!|1|0|1
1-WF9A4i-0fI8XxCFbqrTA|DRRFomzqrMvc887RXFARhQ|3|I didn't feel like making the trip into Sommervile to our favorite BBQ place, so we decided to give Rick's a shot. To me, BBQ is a craft...slow roasted, flavorful, smoky, succulent and sweet...all my favorite things. What we got was nothing like the words I just used. The rib and brisket combo was OK at best. The ribs were falling off the bone, not my favorite. I like my ribs with a little "bite" to them. The ribs were sauced...if I wanted "sauced" ribs, I'd go to Chili's. The brisket was not tender at all and cut entirely too thick. This all came with corn bread, that lacked any real corn flavor...tasted more like yellow cake with hints of corn. The beans were swimming in sauce and had strings of pork...ewww. The cole slaw was fine. Hubby had the 1/2 chicken and ribs. Folks...this bird looked like it had seen better days. It was so puny and had no seasoning, whatsoever. He asked for the spinach and dirty rice instead of the beans and slaw...we were informed that this would be an extra $2.00, fine no problem...because the waiter said that the greens were "his favorite thing, he eats them everyday", well...if this guys eats the spinach everyday he is going to keel over from a heart attack...the salt was intolerable! and they were soaked in oil/fat. The rice was even more obscene, not because it was "dirty", it was down right prudish...nothing dirty about it. It tasted and looked like someone mixed in a little red sauce with the rice?! I was confused. The beers were good, lots to choose from on the draft menu, I recommend the Brooklyn Lager. I have great respect for Mr. Elkay, however...if you are going to build a restaurant "empire" and it's going to be an eclectic mix...hire some experts and do it right. This wasn't even a good "knock off". The waiter was very kind and took the additional $2.00 off the bill when we questioned the tiny portions of salty spinach and bland rice.Save your money, end of story.|0|1|0
ILLYK1PwY2F5c__Dhycopw|KGb6Oc8vPj_2tdGrzsQsDQ|5|Excellent.  My husband and I had a great romantic lunch there last March.  It was just one of those times where you take a bite and say "mmmmm..."  to everything.  French.  Onion.  Soup.  Just get it, even if you don't normally like it!  And of course, their signature pineapple martini, I forget the name.  Perfect service, of course.  Eat your heart out, Al Forno.|0|0|0
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|4kfh9P67pFsAAOVmvX3NoQ|4|I love how half the reviews talk about how great southern BBQ is and how bummed they are because this isn't it when BBQ places in the south are like dunken donuts up here (they are everywhere and 90% of them suck). This is good BBQ. The greens are some of the best I've ever had (south included) and they do a damn good BBQ. And not only do they serve good BBQ but they can accommodate you and the vegan friends that you haven figured out how to turn from the darkside yet. It would have gotten 5 stars if I could have gotten a cold draft beer with my food and if they didn't usually forget to give BBQ sauce on the side. Oh and if you're bitching about this not being southern enough for you and your sides don't involve collard greens, shut up and just admit you're not really southern.|1|1|1
oRn1Mjtr1BzwyN3-CE2lxA|9hEtOgLRTsx7eLPVw_jlDA|5|THIS IS A TOP LINE RESTAURANT LOCATED IN A HOTEL--NOT A HOTEL RESTAURANT....BIG DIFFERENCE!!!!!This restaurant is located inside of the beautiful Providence Westin Hotel. Not visable from the road (up on second floor) but with AMPLE parking at the Providence Place Mall or the Convention Center (actually right off the Convention Center garage level 4 East).My wife and i went for our wedding anniversary dinner. This was our first visit to Centro. We had been meaning to go there for some time. Our night started out quite nicely as we enjoyed a glass of red wine at the bar waiting for our reservation. The staff were friendly and knowledgeable. We spoke of experiences with wine and premium liquor. Almost hated to see the conversation end as our reservation time approached.We were seated in the beautiful dining area and served by an incredibly friendly and attentive server. It was almost like we had known her for years as she handled our questions about the menu and asked her about the specialties of the restaurant. We had the Prosciutto Rolled Sushi Style with Grilled Eggplant, Fresh Mozzarella, Roasted Red Peppers. Fabulous! I also had the Baby Arugula salad with Chianti Poached Pear, Ricotta Salata, Roasted Balsamic Walnuts,Fig Glaze, Meyer Lemon Vinaigrette. Also great! We were off to a fabulous start.!The toughest decision was dinner! We liked 2 pasta dished and decided we would order each and share. I had Pappardelle served with Classic Bolognese, Beef, Pork, Veal, San Marzano Tomatoes, Grana Padano, Touch of Cream. I am a bit of a bolognese snob and this did not disappoint! My wife had Ribbons of Black Peppered Pasta, Delicately Braised Beef Cheeks, Black Trumpet Mushrooms, Grana Padano, Micro Celery. Also fabulous!While we were already quite full, we were made an offer we could not refuse on dessert! The flourless chocolate torte was as good if not better than Capital Grille! Fabulous as well!All in all this was a wonderful dining experience from the bottom up! Had a great time at a restaurant that i will be at again soon!|2|0|2
OeAOGUMAv7Yh0u9x79Jp9A|PqEMzxn_7OHpqpwr0bXYkA|2|Like most of the the towering (well, for Providence, anyway) office buildings that surround it, this Starbucks is clean, efficient, and completely lacking in personality. There is very little to say about the decor, the staff, or the drinks. This may derive from the fact that its clientele seems to consist mainly of businesspeople on the go (as well as the occasional stray, confused RISD student). This means that the shop is usually empty. Unfortunately, however, the bulk of the seating area is contained within the lobby of the office building adjacent to the store. This both breaks it off from the remainder of the seating and gives it an unsettling, clinical feel. It is easy to see why people don't hang around here.|1|0|1
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|tSKGejZuR8E7OGLckX4-8Q|1|Scorpion bowl slurped down by Scorpio girl on Saturday...hurl.... jk. We went to this POW WOW near Wheeler (that stupid rich kids art school where once upon a time in high school, I visited for the day with my friend Geoff who was lucky enough to be a student there, and I will NEVER FORGET this chick curling her upper lip at me after I commented on the amazing price of the cake in the cafeteria at lunch ((25 cents!)) and she goes: "OH. I wasn't sure if you thought that was EXPENSIVE." Like I couldn't afford 25 cents because I went to public school. To North Kingstown *Stupid* Senior High...Effin bitch! I'll get you... and your stupid art school education too...) OMG - where did that come from? I'm so awful and evil, but memories are memories and they haunt you like that, ya know? Especially hurtful ones dancing around the topic of teenage insecurity and those all too familiar feelings of inferiority. Come on. You know you got them, and if you don't, I don't even want to talk to you. Because you know what? You're probably one of those assholes who also says things like, "I have no regrets. I live life with no regrets!" and/or "Just think positive." Ugh. Lie, liar, die. Plus, it's positiveLY... I may not know how to break up a paragraph, but I'll break up a marriage before I go around talking/writing without proper qualifiers for things like adverbs. Joke alert. Was that a joke? I don't even know. Sooooo, Shanghai. Wassup. I really secretly wanted to go to the other Asian place across the street, the one with the sun streaming in the windows and the outside seating. But I was trying to be a bodhisattva (I really do but clearly I need to work on my language/speech) but anyways one of the 37 vows of a bodhisattva is to 'go along with whatever others want to do.' And that is SO not me, so, I will occasionally try it on for size....Because it's good to grow beyond whatever limiting 'isms' you make for yourself. Leader, follower, easygoing, uptight - whatever! Try em all on for size. Many hats out there, and not all of 'em are fedoras. So Bro was like, "I wanna go to Shanghai" and we were out with his gf and I didn't want to be all bossy or make a scene so I agreed. We went up the dark stairs into the dark cavernous place... Big menu. Lots of different types of food. Looks like their fried food is really quite good, maybe, one day, when I care more about eating gluten, I'll come back for that (pay no mind to my pizza and cake reviews). Got a gorgeous plate of sushi which was OK.... Not amazing, not awful: just ok. Decent prices, as far as sushi goes. You could get away with buying one of the bigger suped up rolls for like, $12 and that could suffice for your whole meal.... IF you weren't slurping down a Scorpion bowl which totally amps up the ole appetite. Bartender chick had the most AMAZING waist to hip ratio I've ever seen in a food service person this far outside the tri-state area. She told me the Ikura (salmon roe) was fresh after I asked, she said: "Well the chef, he puts it in the freezer so like..." I don't know, I'm pretty sure she trailed off after that and I wasn't trying to make her feel uncomfortable by asking, but when I throw $5-7 down on just one piece of sushi (cuz ya'll know them salmon roe ain't no thang without the quail egg on top), I just like to make sure it will be DELECTABLE before I dive in and go ahead wasting my money... Because often times these little orange caviar are NOT fresh, and they taste fishy and bitter when I know better that they should be creamy and taste a little bit like candy. THAT is ideal. I think I read once about sushi NEVER FREEZE SUSHI it's like, an ILLEGAL practice. I don't like getting all jerk-ish here on these reviews, but let me just get down to the bottom line here. There's a reason I'm giving you two stars, Shanghai, and it's not because you freeze your Ikura (and then blow it up and make a big picture of it out of the back of your menus just to falsely entice your unassuming, hungry caviar loving customer....) no. It's not even that. And it's not because you fail to list cucumber in one of your rolls, when I despise cucumber more than life itself... (or perhaps that was me getting semi-tipsy off the suggested Scorpion BOWL for two - which, if you ask me, should be split minimally by THREE people...) Nope, not all these reasons would actually normally get you an "A-OK " in my review because I'm nice like that, and I don't like to diss places. Shanghai, WHY WHY WHY OH WHY.... Did a [female] server come up and reprimand us, saying (slightly meanly like she maybe enjoyed giving talking-to's) "Um, excuse me, yeah, hi, um... The guys, um one of the owners, he says your shirt is too low - in the back, yeah... um - it's just that, everyone can see, you know [your thong] yeah" SHAMED! SLUTS!  It wasn't the sushi that put a bad taste in our mouths - but the trouble. The trouble with thongs! It made me wonder who was working for who.|1|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|q-LikZWl146BXycRkOsCIA|5|Perhaps the coolest, tastiest place I've found in Providence. Good drinks. Good fusion cuisine. And they aren't afraid of flavor (kimichi!!).|0|0|0
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|j26AcWn4iKXDkUwOqYip1w|4|The staff is either nice and flirty or full of youthful angst. The pizza is good once they heat it up in the oven for you but it has a tendency to look petrified on the counter. They really shine in their pizza with gourmet toppings like gorgonzola and spinach. Items like meat lovers you could find anywhere. It would be great if they added combos to their menu, maybe then people would be more inclined to buy more than one slice.|0|0|0
BhjVNGhWBeWx-joM_xwS9w|e6CklzQiZfjUmSvx9IViYg|3|What drew me in was the hard cider.  I spent the afternoon moving into a new apartment and really wanted a refreshing beverage and a good meal.  My desire for cider luckily lead me to good food.I ordered the cajun chicken sandwich with seasoned potato wedges.  The portion size was pretty big and the chicken was cooked well.  The flavor was great with just enough heat.  The potato wedges were pretty good, and I'm not usually a big fan of them.  One of my roommates ordered the patty melt and the other opted for a burger.  Both raved about their dishes, too.For dessert, we all split the Brownie Sundae, which I found to be the most disappointing part of the meal.  Not surprising, though.  Places like these aren't typically known for having out-of-this world desserts.All in a all, a great place to grab a refreshing beverage and a hearty sandwich.  Will likely be back again!|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|v3OEUtG_Be5y0oKu9sz3NQ|5|I want to begin by saying that I don't know why anyone would review a restaurant where they had not eaten.   We have wanted to go to Al Forno for years but haven't because we knew that it was difficult to get in.   A few weeks ago we were in Rhode Island for another errand and since we had some time decided it was a great opportunity to try Al Forno.  We did not regret it.  It was a Tuesday, a few minutes before 5:00 and we were the second ones in line.  The place opened just after 5:00 and we were led to a lovely table in the garden.  We wanted everything on the menu of course but there were just two of us.  Because we expected the portions to be smaller, we both ordered salads to start.  We could have easily shared just one salad since the portions were even too big for two people to share. For entrees, I had the Eggplant Al Forno, which was simply the best eggplant dish I'd ever tasted.  It did not have the dreadful breading that most eggplant dishes have.  My friend had a wonderful summer pasta with pea tendrils.  We also had the same dinner the next night, because there was so much food that we took at least half home. These dishes were some of the best we'd ever had in any restaurant.  Although the prices are high, since the portions are so large you can do some serious sharing.We are going back this week with two more friends and definitely plan to share more of this superb food.  Al Forno has been in business for more than 30 years and people still start lining up before 5:00 pm on a Tuesday night. That should tell you something.   It's not a tourist attraction--it's about the food.|3|2|0
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|ziL8chrxFpGtA0oFQNUrwQ|3|I thought this place was OK. Atmosphere is sort of, I'm not sure how to desribe it, but "predictable" would be a word I may use, if that makes any sense. However, I liked the outdoor seating area. The food and drinks were good. Not in a rush to get back...|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|-z2L3_8QgJv2qE1e5Y7N4g|2|Was taken out here by the President of our company along with the rest of our office as a reward for hard work. This place sits near the waterfront in the midst of bars and clubs. The place is quite large with a upstairs for big groups such as ours. The staff seemed a bit snobby thinking they were at another type of restaurant, but I must have missed something because this place despite the recommendations of locals, was not that great! The menu has assorted seafood and Italian selections, I chose to order the Veal which was one of the highest priced things on the menu. The wine list was okay not the best and the wait staff was no help at all. The portions were medium sized and the food was not at all creative or tasty. I have eaten a lot better. I was glad I wasn't paying the tab here because it was not worth it. There are tons of Italian restaurants in Providence, stick to Federal Hill and don't bother venturing to the east side of town to find good Italian. We would have been better off at the pizza place down the street for what we spent here!|1|0|1
mdqwn32B4RVJI8_MQLXXHg|qTXaS4iDUOe2n7Pyh-tR7A|4|Ok first of all I secretly love how this place is like an icecream club at night with techno music but has cartoons in the background. They have a great assortment of flavors + it is also nice to have the nutritional info right up next to each one so you can make 'better' choices. The place is super cute + clean and the variety of toppings is pretty good.  To the point-- you can't go wrong here people.If you like to be in control of your froyo + what goes on/in it, this is your kind of place.|0|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|wZvS3HrdcOrLFQFAHr72KQ|4|Drinks are four stars!|0|0|0
rblZR9xtCUgwjE19AU2y8w|9U30DANobkrn3Zlu6T9p6Q|3|Is Gourmet India incredible Indian food - no. Is is good Indian food considering it's in the mall - yes. Their take on Fast Food Indian is essentially toned down Indian food with solid flavors. The spiciness factor was mild all around when I tried it yesterday for lunch. Here's the rundown on the food:-The Naan is impressive. -Lamb sausage was odd - may be worth trying-Tikka Masala - Best dish I had; mild, but solid-Chicken Korma - good and worth trying-Chicken Curry - another good dish worth trying-Chicken Methi - odd; I'd pass on this|2|0|1
EcUL0Ixq_5L9HCdyk2GIOQ|ogORVfJuxyi4yZXvNULXHQ|4|Decent falafel. Not much to it (Falafel, hummus, onion, tomato, and lettuce), but fresh and tasty -only five bucks? yes!|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|S8cJbdfMOxDkita7piHKjA|5|The vegan pizza is phenomenal, and if they don't have any available they'll happily make one for you, even if you're just ordering two slices. THAT being said, the staff are awesome. I love it, I'm there at least a few times a week. It's my favorite pizza place.|2|0|1
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|uiGdtsCaIFPRSc23qbHzqQ|3|One place, two souls. Downstairs- funky and flavorful gourmet dishes, minus the scary prices. The menu changes frequently with a few items that remain standard. Try the grilled cheese, you will not be disappointed. They tend to be a veggie-friendly place to eat. Upstairs- dive bar, where food can be available (not sure what the restrictions are for this). Can get annoyingly loud and the bathroom is kind of sketchy (use the one downstairs). Only 3 stars for not being very accommodating to my inability to eat spicy food. Some chefs are too stubborn to respond to the customer's needs.|1|0|1
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|My01zS5Nhk5WpsLzCZQnWw|2|The last couple times I went here the experience has diminished each time.  We had a few orders mixed up and/or come very late, and on 2 occasions my friend's portions were quite small, especially for the price.  We always go in a group of at least 4 or more so that could be the issue.  I have had a decent time when we were there with another couple but that was a while ago.The service really needs some work.On the plus side they have really great soups and salads that aren't too pricey and the sushi is pretty good.  You can choose to sit at a table or go to the other side and you can sit on the floor which is kinda cool and different, but gets uncomfortable after a while.|0|0|0
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|Dz9SC3EWncE6LHKG82feWA|4|I must admit, I am not a fan of Chinese food. So this restaurant coming to Providence did not immediately thrill me. This location is located in close proximity to my work. And when I heard they have an awesome gluten-free menu, I had to give them a try.The food was delicious! I ordered the lettuce wraps (the portion was huge) and the street noodles (delicious). I shared with a few friends and not a single one of them noticed a difference between the GF and the regular ones. Thank you PF Changs!!I'll definitely be headed back to try more...|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|mjkqYTie6toPuX5M-nx4Fw|4|*EDIT*I am SO happy with Duck and Bunny! They actually implemented a special nut utensil to minimize cross-contamination!!! On customer service alone, I increase my star rating to 4 stars. Well done Mr. Duck!!*EDIT*Okay, I used to have a novel published here about:1) The allergic reaction I had to cupcakes on my first Duck and Bunny visit (I'm allergic to peanuts).2) Apologies from the owner and steps taken to prevent further allergic reactions.3) The cupcakes.Now that I've been to Duck and Bunny a lot, I'm going to simplify this. I'm a HUGE cupcake snob and have high expectations for cupcakes. I LOVE trophy cupcakes and simply desserts in seattle, alexandria cupcake in DC, and two little red hens in NYC. I think Duck and Bunny makes some solid cupcakes. The honey lavendar, portuguese sweet bread, and thin mint brownie are absolutely DELISH! I wish they would experiment more with flavors like guinness and irish cream... but I can't complain. They've got some interesting flavors and produce a good texture of cake. The frostings are satisfying, unique--could be a little bolder, but well balanced to cake context.Here's my overarching issue. Duck and Bunny has tried to address the allergy issue with separate platters and more informed staff. BUT. They still use the SAME utensils to grab cupcakes from the display case for the nutty cupcakes and non-nutty cupcakes. And every single time I go, I feel the need to inform the staff of my allergies so that they take special care in how they retrieve my cupcake.Why can't there just be a separate grabbing utensil for the peanut and nutella cupcakes?If an allergic person like me were to blindly order from the menu without taking a look through the glass, and peanut butter frosting was incidentally on the grabbing utensil, I think further allergic reactions could ensue. So there. My warning. PLEASE INFORM IF YOU HAVE ALLERGIES AT DUCK AND BUNNY!!! That's all. Otherwise, I like the place. Great ambiance, nice staff, tasty cupcakes!|6|0|1
LLMIzRMVcu_F7gwfdY_wSQ|jwtTBTYuL8249q26lmJH6A|4|Nice little place with nice decor. Love their little sake sets, though it turns out I do not like sake lol. like drinking lighter fluid. Nice staff, will come again to try the food.|1|0|0
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|1fexZh02vL9UBNZR1V4y_Q|3|It's like smoking. . . I know I shouldn't do it, but for some reason I don't really understand fully myself, I do it once or twice a year.  We went yesterday afternoon around 5:45 pm and there was already a 45 minute wait.  Since it was a Saturday, and a Waterfire Saturday no less, I was expecting a wait (as Don F. points out, there's always a wait), but 45 minutes was a bit more than I expected for that time of day.  I also agree with Don F. in that  the bar is just stupid, with not enough room to get to the bar so you have to reach over and between the people who are "lucky" enough to have snagged the bar stools.The food is average, but the servings are large and the prices are quite reasonable for the amount of food you get.  We started with the factory nachos, while my fiancee had the asian chicken salad and I had the orange chicken.  Everything was cooked okay and tasted fine.  You could tell it was just chain food, though, and nothing too special, but, then again, this is to be expected from a chain restaurant, a la Chili's or Fridays.  Our server was perky and efficient, no complaints there.The cheesecake, of which they have an ungodly amount to select from, has always been good, and it was again last night.  One would hope this would be the case, though, since it's in their name.Even though I am not enamored with the bar or the wait, and the food is okay if unspectacular, for some reason, I know I will never be able to rid myself of going to some Cheesecake Factory in the future. . . just like if someone offered me a smoke somewhere down the line, I would be tempted to take it.|1|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|VqSFTE5f-mDzoLeXS-16xw|3|I like the vibe and the specificity of this place; however, the cupcakes did not quite live up to their reputation. We ordered 4 different types and I really only enjoyed one of them.  I am willing to give it another try because I like how different it is than any of the other places around it, but for now, I'm not all that impressed.|2|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|LXvn-Wl2Sjzvl_7TxK-x6g|5|This was my JAM back in the day when I spent a year as a freshman at nearby JWU- this was nearly ten years ago. So, whenever visits bring me back to Providence, I always make a point to visit and get my chicken kebob wrap. For our lunch before we hit the road, I brought SO here so he too, can relish the yumminess that is East Side Pockets. Anyway, my chicken kebob wrap was sooo good. The chicken when they cook it, does not dry out at all, and the pieces remain moist and flavorful, that it almost competes with all the other things you get in your wrap- but doesn't. I get mine with all the sauces, including tahini, tomatoes, lettuce, and onion. SO GOOD. SO got the steak wrap, and he really enjoyed it as well. Their wraps are pretty big in size?, but I was so hungry, that I finished mine in no time. Anyway, it's affordable, and pretty healthy otherwise. Stop by, you won't be disappointed.|1|0|2
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|Fvq2v_utTH_KuJH_h1sbOw|5|There is so much to love about this place. The best thing is their consistency. Not just that the food is equally good from one day to the next, but also that they are consistent across dishes. Almost everything they prepare is either good or great. That's an accomplishment for any restaurant in any price range.I've mainly patronized Kabob and Curry for take-out dinners, and the head waiter always remembers my name, and is always quick to pass me coupons for the place. It's not a make-or-break kind of thing, but it is nice to feel like they actually appreciate my business. It keeps me coming back, even though Not Just Snacks is cheaper.|1|0|0
QAxQdJ5m-wrvLUUGb0-ulw|sgpJ3NC1_XS6fKpLOu7hxA|4|I had to check this place out again and wanted my spouse to try the wings. She wasn't in the mood for wings when we got there but the Pretzel with the cheese dip and a cold beer sounded good to her. WOW, Ok this may not be my type of hang out as I mentioned priviously but the food/pub grub is slamming. The pretzel wasn't  your typical knotted bread stick but it was a fresh pretzel style bread rolls with great mustard cheese sauce. I actually had them bring a side of the wing marinade over to dip the bread i an that was great too. So I have to change my review to a 4star and that is because the pub grub is yummy.|0|0|0
AMcQOPu1hcSl7f6iguru3Q|TJUTgPyM9X3Jomoj90un-w|4|Yes, it is a chain in a mall, but wait. The bar is large and lovely and the drinks are cheap. Good luck finding a drink as cheap in a comparable place. You will also never find a more delicious spinach dip. The menu requires more vegetarian options and some dishes should go, but the margarita pizza is quite yummy. People rave about the honey mustard chicken sand, the chicken club, the seared ahi app, and the dinner salads as well (not all of which use iceburg, though I am a fan of that crispy, watery, nutritionless leaf). My hubs loves the chili, the pizza, the chicken piccata, the ribs, and the chicken club. We both love the Boston Cream Pie. Delicious. If you get dessert they use fresh whipped cream. The coffee is wretched. Avoid that at all costs. The food is better quality than you can get at many other chains like Applebees or the 99 for great prices. Also, I'm told they get their meat from the same distributor as Ten and Cav. I met my hubs there 5 years ago when we both worked behind the bar and we still go there for a friendly, inexpensive, reliable meal. And, it's always less crowded than the overrated Cheesecake Factory.|0|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|92UwOx9E1mIjaT_9pq4_sQ|4|This place has been my favorite Fire and Ice out of all of them. The waiter we had was AMAZING i mean he got 20% because of how great he is. The cooks all worked great together. The food was good and they had everything I like there.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|iBnD3MCI6kOIoSZrBq2v_Q|5|their baklava is sublime!|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|ZBx4G7WYHtAMJF7BP4FdPQ|4|Its been a while since my first review, so I thought I would update after visiting last night again.  I prefer to eat in the Tap Room as I like the energy and the beautiful bar.  The Winter Sangria was tasty and a perfect start to the meal.  My BF had their rye whiskey drink special and was happy as can be.  The calamari with feta and green tomato jam - WHOA.  I could have eaten that only and been happy for the rest of the night.  My BF had the pasta special with house-made chicken sausage that melted in your mouth like butter.  Absolutely delish.  I had the burger and fries....what can I say, had a graving.  I opted for the Blue Hill blue cheese...the perfect topping. Loved the fresh fries too.  A great date night.  I know that we will be back.|0|0|0
6fz6hlH9LDkZ9jwtwBVOEQ|fudvE7DR8U2d9JJt9R216w|4|Bartender is from MAINE! WOOO HOOO!Bouncer is a Pats fan! Woo hoo again! gave him a high five on my way out. I really like this place. GREAT for single girls to go and scope out guys. *youre welcome ladies*Sports are always on and place usually is pretty full. They have drink towers too- so make sure to bring a group to pre game here. Sangria is awesome and they carry a wide selection of beers.Dinner: I had the avocado sandwich with a salad. Pretty good. Typical pub fare and decent enough. Rest of the menu looked good too. Not much of a date place but def come here with friends to watch the game.Kinda dark inside and be prepared to show your ID about a million times. I guess they think I must not look my age or they think Maine is a made up state who knows... Casual place to hang out. good for small groups. I like it and if youre in college you will too.|0|1|0
gupc57VIn_IOUTMtPsGmkg|vL_NNXvRWwzOKX9-8HSfCg|1|The service was horrible. Jolly Roger I think not. The guy making the sandwiches had a very condescending manner when taking orders. This guy must have taken notes from the Soup Natzi on how to serve people. Maybe if the sandwiches tasted good he would be able to speak to his customers in the manner that he does.I should have continued walking down the street and gotten a sandwich that actually had some substance in it. The bread was stale and hard. The meat was oily. If I didn't ask for my sides, they would have let me walk out without giving them to me. Save your money and go someplace else.|2|1|0
w3p6mz0m1b-jPm26weDabQ|fMFUNmmtkzBlYS0Gk_FVdw|3|All I can remember about this place is that I came here for food three or so years ago. Guess that means it was A-OK!|0|0|0
1u5tSUPGO213ZX0WBj0uxQ|DnLTBezc05pkgVF_llLVTg|3|This place is fine, it's not great and it's bad at all.  I work downtown so it is very convenient for me on my lunch break but I would never go out of my way for this if I didn't have to.  After reading most of the reviews, they all seem pretty accurate.  No prices is a little off-putting, I'm going to assume the worst when most items aren't priced.  If you go there in the 12 o'clock hour, there will be a line, they are usually efficient at managing the customers, but it gets crowded really fast, and I have opened the door and left because of the crowd.  The food isn't bad but again isn't anything special, just convenient.  I ordered a sandwich, a chick fajita sandwich on a pita.  It was pretty much what I expected, you guess it, just a fine sandwich.  They do have quite a lot of options from the bar with both hot and cold options, which seems to rotate, but it's still food you would mostly expect.  There aren't many options to get fresh hot food downtown, it always tastes good and is ready rather quickly (when there isn't the aforementioned lunch crowd), so this is a place of convenience if you are already in the area. They do have a few tables and chairs on the upper level to sit if you don't have a place to go back to which is always convenient.Essentially, if you are in downtown Providence and you need food or a drink quickly and mostly painlessly, go here, but don't go out of your way. It IS better than your other convenience store options.|2|0|0
wKaal1Y4D9DIJPkHVNyP_A|e9giazpDciHZN1kFF41p1g|5|We dined here on a recent Saturday night around 5:30 PM for the first time.  Our server was Andy and he was excellent at explaining things on the menu and making suggestions.  He was around when we needed him and didn't introude upin the meal at all.  The pacing of the entire evening was great as well.  We chose a few on the hot apps from the checklist and while they were very small. . they were quite good.  We each ordered a pasta dish - my hubby had the Bolognese whihc was amazing and I ordered papardelle with mushrooms, a poached egg on top and truffle oil.  It was one of the best pasta dishes I have ever eaten.  For desert we shared the apple tart and it was delicious.  All in all a great night with some amazing food. We would def. go back as the menu is varied with many good sounding dishes.|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|eCK1nU14cJgKL3L-aJ9r-Q|4|Very cool interior. Awesome drinks and the bartenders are incerdibly nice. This is another place with a relatively small menu - good for them! The oyster,  shrimp "Happy Hour" is worth the trip!! I plan on returning soon to try some of the dinner fare.|0|0|0
QSB6qv6EvXebXu0n42X48A|MaEng3-hLXnXblKBxq0Iyw|4|I had a burrito, so to me the experience was VERY similar to Chipotle, except that the staff was much friendlier and it was notably cheaper! Not homemade Guacamole, as far as I can tell, but still delicious.|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|jwtTBTYuL8249q26lmJH6A|4|very good place to drop in for pizza slices|0|0|0
BxmSFfCPQN_bg24l44a56Q|100WxNXq5TALgS4caIfcqQ|5|All I can say is WOW. WOW. WOWWWW! Staff knowledgable and totally approachable. Food beautifully presented. The building is GORGEOUS! The music, the people, the atmosphere. A really classy place.|0|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|ZpnA9ZDunx6LwHIo7Gw8wg|4|Evan's ThoughtsApparently it is a tradition in Providence to go to this place very early in the morning.  As Madeleine and I stumbled into the restaurant around 5 am, I was surprised to find the place bustling!  It was the only place with a light on for blocks but it was teeming with happy customers.This breakfast diner is full of character and history.  With family portraits and photos, bookcases lining the walls, and newspaper cutouts dating back to the mid-century, this place exudes comfort.Not to mention the food!  I got the delicious western sandwich, the only problem was the size.  I made the mistake of getting the large which could have easily fed two people.  I had a plate full of ham, eggs, and bread bigger than my head and felt sad when I had to throw half of it away.Bottom line: If  you're looking for an early breakfast, a late breakfast, or just some good food you've got to go here.***************************************************Madeleine's ThoughtsThis is the second time I've been here and I just love the atmosphere more than anything! It's a little piece of Providence culture that deserves to be visited at least once. The food there is hearty - I like the breakfast sandwiches... loooots of cheese! If I ever have to get up at 5am again, I will definitely be coming here! Mainly because it's good, but also because it's the only place open! :P|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|3T0FvfI9LH8MYvIa9svQgA|5|Ethiopian was one of the last great cuisines that Providence didn't have.  Abyssinia is a delicious and welcome addition!  Very generous portions:  three of us shared an appetizer and the vegetarian combo platter and were very satisfied.  Great prices, too!  Most important, the food was delicious.  I grew up eating Ethiopian food and this is as good as it gets outside of an Ethiopian home or, perhaps, some of the best DC places.  The vegetarian platter is actually vegan.  In general this would be a great place for a group that included vegetarians, vegans, and meat-eaters.|2|0|1
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|D_4XAGLCy9btfE1i8ZcYEw|5|Great coffee! For the most part friendly welcoming employees. Great porch and the atmosphere is perfect. Try the Mocha Blanca|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|pHXVQ0ypzTd7Jy7qBDOAJw|5|To add one more happy, full-bellied voice to the choir...East Side Pockets rocks my world!After ordering the same damn (wonderful) thing a thousand times - falafel wrap with lettuce, feta, peppers, pickles, hot sauce, tzatziki sauce, hummus - I've been experimenting on recent visits when not in a wrap kind of mood. A falafel appetizer will get you a takeout container of crisp falafels, flatbread, and a pool of hummus for dipping. A gentle, friendly request will get you the sides thrown on top. VOILA! Falafel wrap deconstructed, salad style.I know it's bizarre that I've even ordered them in the first place to know this, but they make some TASTY fries, also awesome dipped in the 'ziki. Do not leave without a little rolled up baklava, no matter how full you think you are. Much respect for the ordering system - very efficient and predictably smooth. The people are nice, and they're just never rattled by a crowd.Prices are great. This ain't fine dining but the booths work for me. East Side Pockets is the best thing to happen to Thayer St.|2|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|czq90hs0xraxs0tq8oMc4w|4|Amazing food but the service was bad|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|Dz9SC3EWncE6LHKG82feWA|4|This was my very first experience enjoying Ethiopian food and let me tell you, I will be back for more!The food was amazingly good! Such an exotic mixture of flavors. The staff was super friendly and helpful, giving us tips on what to try, how to eat and where to buy liquor when we discovered it was BYOB (just around the corner at Campus Liquors).I can't wait to try the other flavorful dishes. By the way, the portions are HUGE. It was relatively inexpensive too. And the food is paired wisely, so you can try many different combinations without spending a fortune.Try it!!|0|0|0
EqOxdxn_ziCSkj988ERTgw|oXLz0_Cx2735wXgEgHr6Yg|4|Its been said that the best restaurants in Boston are in Providence. Perhaps that was true in the past but, going to a place like Aspire makes me think that there is still a bit of truth to that adage.The vibe and decor are modern with a twist of mid century modern. The hostess and wait staff were friendly and efficient. We entered at the height  of the pre-theatre crowd. There was a bit of a hiccup with our seating, but all was well.My dining partners and I were all in town for a conference; they had a lower reimbursable rate than I.  It was nice to see a nice variety of small plates; the tapas became our dining focus.We were all satisfied with what we received. My onion soup was tasty, hot and full of wonderful onion flavor. It was a tad too salty for my taste but I still enjoyed it. I finished off with fresh calamari prepared 'Rhode Island' style. Fresh and delicious. My compatriots had the burger and the flat bread pizza. All declared their food was great.I look forward to going back and enjoying other stalwarts of the Providence dining scene.|1|1|2
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|1hJJXtCULGN8NT2dQtYbMg|2|I should have listened to the Yelp reviews....I should have but didnt. Curses. I like the concept of local, fresh ingredients for designer cuisine so much (see Universal Cafe, SF) that I gave this a shot.  I shouldnt have.The space is great. Dimly lit, shabby chic meets art deco. Extremely comfortable chairs. Beautiful bathroons. The hostest was very friendly....like just smoked a joint friendly.....but I dig that.  Our server was slow, cold and ineffectual. I had looked at the menu and liked it, although a bit small. We started with the scallops wrapped in bacon. They were fine, but nothing I dont do at home. It is bacon and scallops, hard to fuck it up. They were missing a glaze, def couldve used like a balsamic/red reduction or something. The parsley/sweet onion toss they were served on was to small. Plating was poor. I got the quail for an entree. Now, I know quail is a small game bird meant to be eaten with fingers, but I like the option of being able to use a knife and fork. I didnt have that option because the quail was resting on a nest of mixed greens that was overflowing the plate, so that when I tried to cut the quail, mixed greens shot all over the place like shrapnel. The sweet sausage it was served with was ordinary. There was zero seasoning. The ladybug got the Squash puree soup and root crisps. The root crisps were very oily potato chips, sliced so thin that when you picked them up, they crumbled. SOOOOO GREASY. Bob Griese, if you will.  Her soup was again fine, but totally unseasoned. Like baby food. Ehhh. Neither of us finished and left quickly, very unsatisfied. It wasnt outlandishly expensive, but it wasnt cheap. Bill for two was about $90 including tipThe drinks were outstanding, i had multiple Basil Gimlets that were great, and she had some concoction called a Cream Soda that she really enjoyed. the wine list is very approachable as well, with many under $30 selections. The carpaccio looked good at a neighboring table.Valet was pathetic, rude, unprofessional (didnt open the doors, no small talk "How was your meal?") If I go back, it will only be to enjoy a bottle of wine and hang out, maybe get an app. Dinner is dead to me at 121|3|2|2
wKaal1Y4D9DIJPkHVNyP_A|uq0ILmBm-vK3219Y7YwoFw|4|Bacaro is pretty solid. My parents hate it, and I've heard some poor reviews from other friends...but that has never been the case on the 4 times I've dined there. In short, more than half of the menu mirrors the one from Al Forno, but Bacaro succeeds in capturing the same high degree of quality, so I guess that's what matters. Everything is executed well with great presentation and robust flavor. Moreover, they even have some dishes that have since been removed from the Al Forno menu while others are novel and equally as delicious. Ingredients are of the highest quality here. As far as the service- the wait staff has always been excellent, friendly, knowledgeable and attentive, even those who were new...so no complaints there. Food:-Grilled pizza- best grilled pizza in the northeast (unless of course, you get it at Al Forno)...they also offer their own unique takes with prosciutto or goat's milk cheese. These are fantastic, a must if you go. -Chef's Salumi Board- really interesting, and an awesome, diverse offering if you are willing to spend the $32-Traditional Caesar Salad- also excellent, well dressed, and the freshly grilled croutons make it. -Rigatoni With Veal Bolognese- this will be one of the better bolognese you'll ever have. -Pasta Con I Funghi- good if you are a fan of truffles and mushrooms. it is really rich though, so keep that in mind...I couldn't finish it. Dessert:-Be sure you leave room for the tarts...they truly offer the perfect finish to the meal. Don't get caught up with the having to order them early...don't hesitate, just order something with your apps/entrees, you won't be disappointed. -Assortment homemade chocolates- personally, I thought this was over-rated. But it might be a lighter finish to a filling meal. I'd definitely try the other desserts, namely the tarts, over this. Last, and more importantly, don't come here without getting the CRISPY CHICKEN. Crunchy chicken, buttered noodles, and salty parmigiano reggiano over pasta fagioli. Honestly, other items might sound more appealing...but give this a try. It is one of the more popular dishes and really is amazing.One more thing, I haven't been since they changed the prices...but as good as the dishes may be, I don't think they are worth $30 a plate.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|9zJOfdACCjkIZxB_DxSUuw|5|East Side Pockets is as good as a pocket place can get. The ingredients are fresh, the sauces are delicious, and the service is fast and friendly. Every time. I agree that the ambiance a little lacking, and it's better for takeout, but even so, there's almost always a seat, and the place is always clean.|0|0|1
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|dMJPOYeBrb7xRzFeBvHiCA|5|Excellent NY-style (thin, crispy & doughy crust, large slices) pizza joint with delivery, take-out, and a small table area.  Fellini's uses a mix of wheat & white flour in their crust, which is outstanding.  Try the buffalo chicken pizza (buffalo style chicken, mozzerella cheeze, chunks of blue cheese).  They're sandwiches are surprisingly good too, but the pizza is the main event.|0|0|0
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|t9CYA491C7ux-vBwwCwnbg|4|Last summer I unabashedly became one of Lola's first facebook friends and couldn't have been more excited for a mexican joint down on the docks.  I think I always enjoyed the food- whether it was drunken late night tacos or half-priced happy hour apps.Then maybe it was the lack of interest in both the cheap, weak margarita and the everyday relatively expensive margarita or maybe it was that their whole vibe was uncomfortably girly and pink...but I stopped going.Sometimes you just have to give a place sometime to grow into itself.  It is still over the top and pink and the food is not authentic but for Lola's that's a good thing.Even from the beginning I never had an issue with service. Personal experience can emphasize that the bar staff is very chill.If I were more of a fan of Margs, Bluegrass music or Drag Bunches I imagine I'd be here a lot more often..That said don't let the pink scare you away.|0|0|1
it9mZRfzo9DsFmddSESLbw|di2qq3I54ayhNnQVt6RFKA|4|Place is small as shit. We came here with 2 bottles of red-wine recommended to us by the Campus Fine wines store down the street. We had planned to go to Guidos but it was closed on July 3rd, go fucking figure. Anywho, we decided to come across the street to this place. We stood awkwardly for 10 minutes in the middle of the restaurant while they waited for a table to clear for us. Once seated we were treated to an excellent culinary experience. Very good and piping hot crab ragoons. I had the Pad Thai, so typical I know. My friend had the Green Curry which was KICK-ASS!!! Luckily she was sick and dehydrated from a day of fun at a cookout in Mass and then walking around Newport, RI all afternoon and evening and unable to eat hers so I obliged! The redwine wasn't the best combo with our dishes but who cares it's BYOB. Overall great with down home feeling, would def. return!|0|0|0
A6dVeZf0ZKgOqKxB7y0F0w|GMzsCafogrxRJS_CnvUDrw|1|Never again! Service is deplorable! Waited over two hours! This place has good ingredients, I really want to give them my money but if they don't get rid of the dumb girls answering the phones... Twice I got transferred from one dumb girl to another! Please restaff because you offer good quality! And I feel so bad for your driver, wrong address @ 4. a gallon!|0|0|0
QAxQdJ5m-wrvLUUGb0-ulw|9uKypPjC6acwmFmvCpl5iQ|5|My husband and I came down from NH to ride the East Bay Bike Path.  We started in Bristol and rode 15 miles to Providence, had lunch at Whiskey Republic  and then rode back.  We ordered a couple of beers and the chicken schnitzel to split.  It was delicious!  The chicken breast was huge and very moist.  The combination of egg, capers and the tomato mayo was something we had never had. We will be back!|0|0|0
PUcbOM5EdCijAhFN9GAtBw|XeooYgC_QKTzyEjvwVH7kA|4|I really like the pizza gourmet. They have a fantastic catering menu if you need to order for a large group, and their pastas and salads are really good.I also really like the pizza - it is a grilled style crust, with thick chunks of tomato and lots of fresh cheese. The "old school" has tons of meat on it and the sausage is thick. It is not your typical new york style crust like nice slice or antonios, but I prefer it over pizza pie-er and I think the prices are more reasonable. Plus you can almost always get a restaurant.com coupon!|1|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|-FlV4qnOOAphPgbGDgI8pA|3|I've heard good things, but I honestly wasn't too impressed. My first experience for sushi was Shanghai on Thayer St. So I had higher expectations on the sushi, selection and ambiance. It was alright but I wasn't crazy.|0|0|0
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|7W7eeulKO_nat9qNCZUXxw|4|Mills Tavern is one of those places that is a tad too pricey for me to feel okay about going there on my own, but not so pricey that I feel bad asking my parents to make a reservation there for a special occasion when I'm in  town.  I was there recently for a family dinner (on a WaterFire night, no less) and the food was as excellent as I remembered it from past visits.Nearly everyone in our party had fish - the swordfish and salmon dishes they have on the summer menu are spectacular.  Someone also ordered the lamb, which was similarly delicious.  For an appetizer, I had the calamari, which was much fresher-tasting than calamari I've had elsewhere.  It might be up there for some of the best I've ever had.  The wood-grilled pizza was also excellent, and they have an extensive raw bar selection if you're into that sort of thing.  The desserts are good and worth the $9 price tag, but I certainly don't think they're a highlight of the menu.  The real star here is the main course.  The service (by Lynne) was attentive, but not particularly speedy; however, this is not the sort of restaurant where you might want or expect fast service.  This is the sort of restaurant where you gab at each other and just enjoy a slow-paced, conversation-filled evening.  There is a reason that the word "tavern" is in the restaurant's name.  But the fact that the service is leisurely does not mean it is bad.  We made it known at the beginning of the meal that we were celebrating a special occasion, and Lynne brought us complimentary miniature glasses of dessert wine (shot-sized, almost) after dessert for a toast.  A great surprise!I will say that their bread baskets are a bit on the ho-hum side and the wine list was not as extensive as we might have liked, but the food, service, and ambiance were great.  This remains an excellent choice for a nice dinner in Providence.  (Fun fact: in the movie 27 Dresses, the scene where Katherine Heigl's character embarrasses her sister at the engagement party was filmed at Mills Tavern.  You can tell by the distinctive pattern on the banquette cushions!)|0|0|0
9W-k-SJpyEZF1hmiK8MA5Q|h8Eagh24Ys6wljL3iQQhVg|2|So...the Blue Elephant. I'd been wanting to try breakfast there. Sunday early afternoon, the wait was 25 minutes. The atmosphere is cute, homey, comfortable. The vibe pretty relaxed. The food? A huge dissapointment. I ordered the Buddy Steak and Eggs, my steak medium rare. It arrived 20 minutes later, the thin steak well done to the dry point, the eggs were ok, the homefries bland and absolutely tasteless. My white toast could have been a sponge from the kitchen left out for a few weeks. No taste, dry as a bone. At 10.95, I wasn't expecting the best, but how about some seasoning? The server was friendly, and the coffee was good, but, that's about it.|1|0|1
ooNlNmDvLdmPuR_b_b2Rww|wk-a8ISC1lDblQ0Y-U8o_Q|4|I'm a fan of this place after eating just one sandwich. And that would be The Roadhouse.I had somehow actually never had pastrami or corned beef before aside from corned beef hash, but I am convinced that after eating both of these at Dok's (made in house!), I now know what incredibly good, legit corned beef and pastrami taste like. The smokiness and texture were just perfect. I also enjoyed the Swayze sauce, bacon, and house made pickle. The Roadhouse isn't trying to be fancy: it's a freaking delicious, no-nonsense sandwich whose mission is to deliver on big flavor and make you feel all warm and fuzzy and satisfied inside. I also had the pleasure of trying Dok's fries, which I have to say were excellent, and I am kind of picky about my fries. Crispy on the outside, fluffy and potato-y on the inside. We had tried to get the sweet potato fries but were told they were out (probably because it was almost closing time) which was too bad, but the regular fries were amazing and I'd get those again too.The interior of the deli is decorated simply and tastefully, and the warm lighting at night over the bar-height counters is particularly cool. But we wanted to sit outside because it was a beautiful summer night and we wanted to enjoy the fresh air. And lo and behold, Dok's had options for that too: cute tables outside the main entrance and a patio with umbrella tables right around the corner.Another thing I happen to take advantage of soon is being able to get deli meat by the pound for making sandwiches at home.|1|0|0
87h9WI6h9cjNHxQd0FizBA|Vw8rTx1fDlxxCAIFH6kZDQ|4|I really like this place. Whenever I visit Providence, this place is high up on my food wishlist. Their homemade bread is great. Salads, soups, everything I've had here has been tasty. I'm also a huge fan of the dessert tray - lots to choose from and all delicious. I would describe the style of food as somewhere between rustic and gourmet. Give them a try!|0|0|0
SFeabOilq0-oEhI_BNj62A|6oa-O8pPzYAdBmWmgcTwew|5|For $3.89 I have never been as amazed, surprised, and completely satisfied in my life.  Talk about the last clean lunch joint in town, Toledo has changed the dynamic of pizza not only how you eat it but where you eat it.  Look out Antonio's, you have a neighbor across the street; as for you Nice Slice, I wish you the best.  Toledo is here to stay.|0|0|1
B0_HY1F7bUqB3ONhy73udQ|F6MPrQ5oxQL2Wq1v5ENDzA|1|We had a large group of people.    They charge for chips, but they gave us some because we had a big table, nice touch.   Drinks and coctails were good.    The Salsa verde is nice and spicy...very spicy!!   YUM  !!The chicken soup was bland and not very good.The carne asada was OK but not as good as other restaurants like Rancho Grande or Mi Guatemala.Grilled fish was good but nothing to write home about..Overall a poor to mediocre kitchen for such a great location in downtown.|2|0|0
SKfMzNiCSCURK2ATaZFzZQ|sgpJ3NC1_XS6fKpLOu7hxA|4|I've been here a few times now and I find it a fun place to swing by with some friends and grab a few beers. Monday night open mics seem to draw in  decent crowd and the live music has always been GREAT. FUN even.I agree with the others, still unsure of the Apartment theme, I hear of a bar called the Apartment I think of a underground dirt-ass punk bar that may have some street folks crash over night. This isn't what this place is but it is worth a stop by. Great beer selection and yes some of the prices I've questioned yet a lot of them are great for a Providence bar!|0|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|t9CYA491C7ux-vBwwCwnbg|3|I'm close becoming the Mayor here on foursquare so I shouldn't really say anything bad about this place.  I just wanted to mention my food experiences here.For starters pitchers of margaritas will bring me back time and time again.  They are strong.  Enough said.In my experience they food is pretty pedestrian Mexican.  They have a couple of surprises here and there, but my friends usually get some sort of burrito/taco/enchilada tamale combo which for $8-10 isn't bad.I've had the not so  "incredible burrito", which was decent but nothing special just a bunch of meat stuffed in a tortilla basically.After a pitcher of margaritas I also thought it was a good idea to get the steamed crawdads.  I ate them even though they basically tasted like garbage...what can you expect from mini river lobsters?I'll probably stick to chips and salsa, and not go for the full meal for now on but I dig the bar whether for an afternoon beer or a few pitchers of margaritas to really get your night started.|0|0|0
Dn-6ZmMqHW_ATU1I-nrNjw|7CrDDoZ4emYPhXH8ssyIPw|4|good food great service. Pricey but its Capriccio its worth the experience|0|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|lP6X0JEsFT_I4lSTyi4HyA|3|I went here on Saturday for my birthday... it was better than I expected, it was PACKED!I love that they have 3 kinds of Sangria in a GIANT tube! But they were a little pricey.. $32.00 each.At around 11 they cleared the table and people started pouring in. It was a lot of fun, but I couldn't really find enough space to dance :/|1|0|0
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|1hJJXtCULGN8NT2dQtYbMg|4|Ten is one of the best restaurants in Providence. It's decor, while a little gawdy for my taste, is sleek and sexy. I have always had good service once seated, but have had to wait awhile for my reserved table, which is a mega pet peeve. The food is pricey, no doubt, but they have a pretty creative menu with a solid combination of pan Asian and steak dishes, as the name would suggest. Great calamari and the meat skewers served in a flaming clay pot at the table are phenomenal. They do a top notch seaweed salad (chukka?).   For the liver, some of the best presented mojitos Ive ever seen, but they are way heavy on the ice, and for $10 or so a pop, id like three to get me drunker than they do. They give a solid pour of whatever on the rocks at either your table or the bar.Great downtown dining, one of the few. Can be a versatile spot, good for romancing that fine young lady friend you are courting...or blowing the roof off this mutha scruncher wit' some of yo' homies.  Solid.|1|0|0
RIzlH7t_wVhiTFklmYC1RA|1Aiv-gmtJUVoId41CqpDEQ|5|I'm giving New Rivers 5 stars for a few reasons:1. The food is _without question_ at least 4 stars, and while I prefer to hold back 5 stars until a few visits, I'm just not in Providence often enough.2. Providence is kinda-sorta happening but it needs places like this desparately. New Rivers needs kudos for its years of service to this community that wants to be cool but has a few, well, issues still.3. The service all around, in the bar, different wait staff, our awesome waitress were all  deserving of a clear 5 stars+.4. The vibe is cozy and European.5. Inez N in her Yelp review was right on and deserves credit. She's from Boston and Boston even should have spots like this.OK, food, vibe, service all excellent. Oh, and they serve hard liquor which is appreciated, as Martinis are one of the Gifts of God. East Coasters understand the merits of hard liquor. Lord knows I do.The creativity of the menu is excellent, and _not_ How-Do-We-Invent-Some-Jackass-Combination-Where-You'll-Never-Find-the-Ingredients. The creativity is authentic using local ingredients like pigs shot on the island of Aquidneck. Hey, people shoot things in Providence.Problems?  I have one complaint. I am not a Vertical Food Guy. I always think Vertical is a substitute for good old fashioned presentation. My wife told me to shut up about this, but once again I am right in this relationship: skip the overly vertical statues of food.Otherwise, outstanding. Go. Don't worry about the pigs getting shot. Have a Martini. And say I sent you.|0|0|0
x05vLVOH2OQr-8ATmfItRg|5rJudE9z71ICHYxLqLKMHQ|3|Shrimp is great, Lobster good, everything else is just ok.|0|0|0
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|77eVe7AVDUp4s-fPFlGg8Q|1|This place is dirty - great choice of sandwiches, but i can't eat here.most of the other posts are right, this is a place with lots of choice and a quirky style.  but the place needs some money spent on it soon, the ceinling tiles are about to fall down, the counters if coming apart and it really put me off my food..... sorry but i won't go back.|1|1|1
J4lY9l9LsKWBTa49cY0-mw|O7q30MVJfD6_WtFPCGK_RQ|5|Why is this placed not called "Providence Coal Fired Wings"???After HHH threw the best Yelp party here, I know I have to come back. And I come back for one thing - WINGS. Holy crap, if there is only one meal left before leaving earth, I will come here for the wings. The wings are covered with sea salt, pepper, rosemary, and topped with caramelized onions. I went home and dreamed about them even more.Huge fan! Great job chefs!|3|2|3
kATS8uEAIQfeD66JypmgaQ|-Ecm_cRLt4WI9r0P9fBGeQ|5|I've waited to review Ruth Chris until I've been to some other steakhouses in its class. (read: I was lazy) I went here last summer for Restaurant Week and have since been to Capitol Grill and Bobby Flay's. Ruth Chris still stands out as being, by far, the best of the three. The juiciest, most tender steak I can recall having eaten and service was great too. I hope they're doing restaurant week again this year. I'd love to eat outside on the river during a waterfire. Amazing steak.|1|0|0
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|j-yXAQo-kIikdg5rmwtkeA|2|I had high hopes for Lola's - it is in a beautiful location, right on the water.  I'll start with the pluses - fun and lively decor, quick seating, and attentive service.   But!! The food!!  Ugh. Vegetarians beware.There are NO vegetarian options, which is crazy considering how easy it is to make great veggie Mexican.  I was told that they could cook up some veggies for whatever I wanted, so I ordered veggie mole enchiladas off-menu.   What came out was a plate of blandness.  The salsa was flavorless and tomato pastey, the rice and beans were tastless, the mole sauce tasted weirdly Indian, and my 'veggie' enchiladas were stuffed to the brim with overcooked onions.  That's it... just onions.  Sorry, date.To top it off my house margarita was barely drinkable (salty and unpalatable) - so that didn't help wash down the meal.  However, a spot of brightness - according to my dinner partner the grilled shrimp tacos that were on special were quite good - so maybe stick with the seafood!|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|2J3_whSoYhyjhqbRjkA0sQ|5|Wait staff is beyond friendly and informative!  Bar is gorgeous and speak-easy-ish...   Dining room is the absolutely, most comfortable dining room I have ever been in!  The food is excellent.  Some might consider the menu limited...because they use only locally grown product it is to be expected and commended.  Meals are excellent and enough to fill you up but not too much that you feel disgusting.  I go time and time again.  Local 121 is my current yardstick by which all other Prov restaurants get measured against.  PS: Check out the downstairs area...cool, local DJs spin on occasion.  If you are visiting Providence, please do check out Local 121.|0|0|1
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|tpEWW4usnsOAMlkh1akxcA|5|ok.. I just remembered that I was supposed to post an update... I have been back to Gracie's again. This time we brought my parents, Aunt, and Uncle and reserved the wonderful Wine Cellar table. We had an amazing meal with spectacular service. I retract my previous negative comments towards Gracie's... they have totally redeemed themselves!|1|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|nG3B9h8Xbdqy00D415RLSg|5|Absolutely one of my favorite places on Thayer. Delicious and reasonably priced. Walk past every other restaurant on Thayer til you get to this one at the top.|0|0|2
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|BoRDC7m0JP1pm1OapkDG7A|3|oh gracie's.  i really wanted to like you SO bad, but the best way to sum it up would be that the food didn't live up to the restaurant.  gracie's is a lovely restaurant with great ambiance and excellent service.  they really go above and beyond.  there are all these little extras that really make you feel like you're special.  like we had an amuse bouche that was tasty, the sorbet between the appetizer and entree was a nice touch, and the french macarons and mini cheesecakes after the meal was SO GOOD! also, the bread was pretty tasty, but the fianc felt weird about them serving us the bread.  there were 4 kinds and he would have eaten every single type if they had just left a basket at the table, but they don't, and he's shy.  haha.  anyway, the beer bread was the best one that i tried.  so gooey and delicious.  sadly, the rest of the food wasn't as impressive.  we got the poached egg for appetizer and it was fine.  nothing too exciting.  and we got the ribeye for our entre.  it was fine.  not too flavorful.  not the best piece of meat.  the potatoes were over cooked and too salty.  the food was fine, but it didn't live up to the rest of our experience in this restaurant.  i wanted to be blown away by the food, but i had to settle to being blown away by the service.  nice try, gracie, but i won't be back.|2|0|0
VmWymzt1wSYtjpm6oDXFjA|balhXuT7Pa2Sqb3cuTkDRA|4|Came here for a quick lunch with some co-workers. The service was great and the portions were perfect. I ordered the yellow curry with chicken. It had just the right balance of spice and sweet, not too much coconut. Two others at my table ordered the pad thai, which was excellent, and another ordered the basil chicken which he seemed to like also. Cute restaurant with appropriate prices.|0|0|0
2wu_RvBn3QYANniI6oD4pA|UXVGmqtdOBYTChb2u0eXbg|2|Let me start by saying that before I went to Cafe Noir I had never prematurely left a restaurant. This was a first for me. My wife and I went here because we had burgers at Harry's next door and been very impressed. So we decided to give their sister restaurant a try...bad idea. We arrived and ordered drinks which were delicious, one of the best mojitos I've had. We also ordered the Chevre, bacon, and onion tart that sounded incredible. Our waitress came back a few minutes later and let us know that they were out of that appetizer....at 630....on a Saturday night....seriously? So that was a disappointment and a sign of things to come. Our waitress recommend we try one of their Alsatian style pizzas. We tried the blue cheese and pear...ok, but nothing to write home about. Skip to 70 minutes later, we've tried to order more drinks but are waiting for those and also still waiting for our food. Our neighbors have been waiting 25 minutes for their dessert and our waitress is dutifully avoiding us. At this point we told them that if we didn't get our food with the quickness we were going to leave. About 30 seconds later our food arrived, 15 minutes past luke warm. Obviously our food had been ready but no one wanted to give it to us. So we decided to leave. We let the hostess know that we were ready to pay for our drinks and appetizers, We went next door to Harry's Burgers and Bar and had delicious food,.The staff at Cafe Noir were all very polite and friendly, unfortunately for them they have to deal with a kitchen that needs to spend some time with Gordon Ramsey to get their asses in gear. Skip the Bistro, head for the burgers.|1|0|0
8WGDqkmiwlq50SRIcB_X6w|xpVWpxMBXmYS1xSeeralOA|2|I've been to McCurdy's a few times now, and everytime I leave I'm underwhelmed. I really like what they've done with the place (definitely an asthetic improvement to Wings/King to Go), and their menu is fantastic on paper but every time I get my food, it's just not as good as it could be. I can't put my finger on what it is, but it's never as good as I imagine it being - like when you use your grandma's cookbook and it just doesn't taste as good as you remember.I am glad to see they have real silverware and dishes now - the plastic was a huge turnoff.|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|n_yLFHaxKHYCxn0t16123w|1|this pizza is disgusting. what is wrong with people in providence?????even LITTLE CEASERS 5 dollar pizza tastes better.2this pizza is extreme thin crust. they gave me wheat dough even though i did not request it.it was burned in some places, yet completely uncooked in others.so soggy, i literally had to roll it up like a croisant and eat like a burrito. YEP!THIS PIZZA IS SO SOGGY, IT CAN'T EVEN BE FOLDED IN HALF TO EAT!the pepperoni is so small in diameter, but it tastes good.the italian sausage is like the kind you find on those frozen mama rose pizza's that you buy from the grocery store for a buck.I paid 25 bucks for this pizza, so I'm gonna choke down this disgusting mess but I will definately upload the pictures as soon as I get a chance.  It is so nasty, I didn't even feel like taking more than two-one of the front and one of the bottom so you can see exactly what I'm talking about.I usually try a place a few times before I call it quits, but I will NEVER EVER EVER go to this place...and I have personally vowed to slap the cowboy piss out of any rhode islander I run into from this day forth who has the AUDACITY to reccomend fellini's for pizza.and they charged me an extra dollar and change to add green pepper...observe the measely amount of green pepper on the pizza.  I could have brought a whole peck of peppers for that money and added it myself to this soggy disgrace.good luck with that.p.s. rhode island-visit any pizza parlor outside of your state, and you will find out that even mediocre pizza tastes better than this crap......maybe I should open up my own pizza joint here...I would make a killing because the "best of ri" is a pathetice excuse for anything italian or american-or even rhode island!i expect better from providence.|1|2|1
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|FkZAL4x9fB7vV2kOoVhuxA|5|Tazza is a great cafe. It's unique. Great coffee!  I mean seriously good coffee. Great food. The bartenders and wait staff treat you like family. I'm a fan of live music and you can depend on finding it there every night. It's an unusual place in Providence. I use it for business meetings in the morning.  I've seen all of the RI luminaries in there, from the mayor to the Gov.  I'm there alot because I can depend on it.  Been going there a few years.  Seems to be a college hang out too.  I've met lots of RISD and Brown folks.|0|0|0
ILLYK1PwY2F5c__Dhycopw|NARHhcFTY8yxk_b4qE892g|5|My fave place downtown. Exceptional wine list with regional favorites and an amazing and consistent menu. Hands down the best service in RI I've experienced thus far. The food stands alone and paired with their tasty cocktails or wine a dinner at the bar is heaven. Veggies and steaks are cooked to perfection. Must go.|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|LagMtvc5Hrk0E6_0ls8tfA|5|I love this place. Amazing decor. Great food. And Dan and Jess are loves.|1|0|1
ezfOX2z0EOFH6UOQyrkRpA|PWhvCTUhd4bFKI-df4Ff8A|2|Went on a Friday night. Nice decor, but a little dark and cold. Service was good. I can't say excellent because of the obvious attempt by the waiter to upsell us on particular wines, side dishes and desserts. It got old after a while. Otherwise the servers were very attentive and accommodating. I ordered the bone-in ribeye medium rare, she got the petite filet mignon medium well. Also ordered a side of baby carrots.Her steak was great, well-seasoned and cooked to order. Mine was a different story. I have to preface this by saying that the waiter claimed it was a well-marbled piece of meat. That was a dirty, dirty lie. Marbling is not the same as a heterogeneous mixture of muscle and chunks of fat, which describes my steak. And holy cow (pun intended), how much salt does one actually need to mask the poor quality of the meat? A lot, if you're wondering. I must have gone through three glasses of water during my meal. I expected much, much more from a $50 steak. The side dish was a joke. We were told that these were meant to be shared. I'm not quite sure how two people share 7 baby carrots. 3-4? 4-3? They could have at least given us an even number. Then it would have come out to $1.12 per baby carrot instead of $1.29. I'm not that hard to impress, honestly. But I've had better steaks and side dishes at local pubs in NY. This place is not worth the trouble.|0|0|0
mdqwn32B4RVJI8_MQLXXHg|EtwnrL7v2MydEDfCMc2JjA|4|Cool concept and definitely a fun environment. The flavor options are well done, and you couldn't ask for more toppings--Nilla wafers? Talk about a throwback. My only complaint is that they offer you only two sizes: gigantic and belly-busting. And, when you're serving yourself, there's a fine line between perfectly satisfied and froyo coma. I'm a frequent patron, and a big fan!|0|0|0
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|C5Avkksj5Iom9saQyoEM8w|3|Shanghai is my go to spot for chinese when I'm in Providence.  Not to say that it is the best chinese I've had, but it's satisfying enough when the craving hits.  Being located on Thayer Street has its benefits and drawbacks.  Easy to get to. . . not so easy to park and head in if its a busy night.  I've never actually sat down for food here, always take-out.I'm very consistent when it comes to ordering chinese from various places.  My dish of choice here?  An appetizer combination of Veggie Lo Mein, Chicken Fingers, and Beef Teriaki.  Order ahead of time and the food is ready in less than 15 minutes.  Steaming hot, bagged, and ready for purchase when you arrive.  Heaping Styrofoam boxes topped with assorted supplies including chopsticks, napkins, soy sauces, duck sauces, menus, and fortune cookies are among the surprises found in each bagful of food.  Meals are tasty, but. . . painfully average.  Generic, greasy, gluttonous.  My advice?  If you are picking up, get someone to drive you there.  While you run upstairs, they can circle the block, and get back in perfect time to pick you up with dinner in hand.|0|0|0
DDyFfkS0987e1aQEAEZEhA|WJRSqMH9UP9akrzxXNThfw|5|This place is amazing...very cool 50's pinup atmosphere...nice murals on walls...the food is amazing...i had the special shrimp cocktail and the quesadilla is gigantic...the waitress told me it was the greatest quesadilla  ever...IT WAS!!!!!!!! thanks alot Elle....she was great and Jeff the owner is very personable i highly recommend this place|0|0|0
yNnWaqDFdfD-MqbeAtDfSQ|DnLTBezc05pkgVF_llLVTg|5|A grilled cheese food truck with a fantastic pun for a name? Yes please. Excellent sandwiches with an option to create your own. Plus both local soda and gum.  The BBQ grilled cheese is the most amazing sandwich I've had, maybe ever. The service is usually prompt as long as the line isn't too long and the woman at the counter is always very friendly.  If you see them around, you need to stop by. I know I'll be back next week.|1|1|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|nh6u3G9fVyyCHLbCCioeQw|5|Came here yesterday for lunch. There was a ridiculously long line and the place was elbow-to-elbow. So what did they do? Get frustrated? Snap at people? Slack on service? Nope. Free falafel for everyone in line, a little extra extra on my wrap and free pastries with our order. If only every establishment has this level of customer service.|1|0|2
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|FFT3LSfRyKUOok6f61oV8Q|4|Visited Paragon on a Saturday afternoon, in which it was not to busy at all. Overall, once my friends and I walked in we had a good feeling about it. We automatically got knew it was going to have an elegant feel to it along with the prices being a bit high, had to do research prior since we're college students. Besides some minor interior flaws that could be fixed and updated the food was very good. Our service was also good, had a "tableside" dessert, use tableside loosely cause it wasn't at our table. We all ordered water and it took a while for them to refill our cups, but what counts is that they finally realized to do so. My friends and I would definitely recommend this restaurant and could see ourselves coming back also.|0|0|0
V5DHGTNGGdyHawRWcaDfoA|uxymBhLh7ddH7VFTwKRgIA|4|one of my favorite wing places yet. needs TV s a bar then it could be 5 stars cold as hell in there. try the chili.|0|0|1
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|9EWFblLiRtv5nEbvFEuM8Q|2|Its the Cheesecake Factory, you pretty much know what you're going to get every time time. If you don't, then you can take your time reading through their 14 page menu. Overall, I love Cheesecake, so why the 2 stars? Well, the 2 stars is really for this particular location. I walked in to put my name in and there were two hosts at the front, both took about 5 minutes to actually help me. Once our name was put in, they estimated about 10-15 minutes which it took, and we were seated int the back of this very large restaurant. At first our waitress was fine taking our orders etc but then....poof...she just disappeared. After multiple attempts to go someone, anyone's  attention, we finally flag down a busser and she was able to fill up our drinks. That's all we wanted...too much to ask I guess. She finally came over, apologized, and was able to split our check which was nice. So usually Cheesecake is fabulous, but this location was disappointing.|0|0|0
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|ed9eUaL7a0pWpbbpbgGosA|1|I'm downgrading this dump to one star.I stopped by here at 8:30 pm to grab a quick sammie for the train ride home.  I walked here from the Amtrak station knowing that this would be my only chance at food before my train left at 9.I walked in and there were two people working.  The guy looked up from the floor he was mopping and said, "We're closed for... uhhhh... maintenance."I replied, "Your sign says you're open until 9 though.""Yes, but we've only brought in $30 since 6 pm.""But if I buy a sandwich you'll bring in another $10.""We're closed.""Fine,  see if I ever darken your door again, asshole.  Next time lock the door."Sorry Geoff's, next time I want shitty service and to be denied food WHEN YOUR HOURS CLEARLY SAY YOU'RE OPEN AND YOUR DOORS ARE UNLOCKED FOR BUSINESS, I'll come your way.  Until then, I'll dine elsewhere.|4|3|0
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|1DbvZJXo-y4bEv6a3mnSGg|3|I'm torn on whether to give this one 3 or 4 stars.  I'd say 3 1/2 .  The food was decent, the atmosphere comfortable, and the service was quick and friendly.  My fiance and I ordered off of a special menu (maybe b/c of the night we went in?) which included an appetizer, an entree, and a dessert for 19.95 per person.  We found the amount of food to be very good for the price. We were both stuffed half way through our entree.  We both enjoyed the fried eggplant for an appetizer. It comes with a garlicky hummus-like dipping sauce which was delicious.  My fiance ordered the lamb and I had the stuffed trout for a main course. He seemed to enjoy  his lamb dish, but my trout was just average. I found myself pushing it around my plate a bit, which generally tells me it could be a little better.  For desserts, they only had 2 choices- baklava, and a blueberry bread pudding. We ordered one of each and found both to be huge portions and very tasty.  The only awkward point to our dinner was at the end when we settled the bill.  My fiance paid for the meal with his credit card, and I offered to leave the tip.  Maybe it was my mistake in not putting the cash tip right in with the bill as soon as the server went to run the card, but we had some guy (maybe a manager?) come to our table with our card and ask us why we didn't leave a tip.  So we explained that we were leaving cash, and that was that.  But I just found it a little awkward, especially with other parties sitting right next to us.|2|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|C8iluzW2_eWezIUj1wf99A|4|I'm not usually a big fan of Indian food, but the lunch here was very good.  The tikka masala lunch plate was good, with tender chicken and sauce that was just the right level of spiciness.  The naan was good too, as was the saffron rice.  The price is pretty good too---I've often found that Indian restaurants are expensive, but not here.  Definitely worth a visit if you're at Brown for any reason.|0|0|0
kATS8uEAIQfeD66JypmgaQ|7Nj8XWzbDhCdOLpYR2zQkg|3|We have wanted to try this place for a long time. Finally we made it tonight...and have to say we were more than a little disappointed. Was it bad...no. Was it great...no. Maybe all the hype caused us to expect more...or  maybe the lack of outstanding food vs high price (we have had better for the 200.00 bill) resulted in our disappointment.  My wife had the fillet and it was huge...but for the Gorgonzola crust  (extra) pretty bland...even for fillet. I had the NY Strip which wasn't exactly memorable.  Presentation was just slightly above a much cheaper roadhouse. Anyway if you really want excellent food that is priced right (not cheaper...just better) go across the street to Flemings if in Providence...or 22 Bowens in Newport.|4|0|0
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|iJMDvVg6Mgl43is4XxIKsA|3|I was easily enticed by the menu at Mills Tavern, especially when I noted their special Tavern Menu which offers a 3-course meal for under $30.  My friends and I dined here without a reservation on a weeknight and had no problem being promptly seated.  Although the regular menu had some really great options, I decided to try the Tavern Menu choosing the Salt Cod Fritters, Pumpkin Gnocchi, and Bread Pudding as my three choices.  First off, the fritters were very interesting and tasty.  I actually had never had salt cod before, and these fritters were almost like a deep fried polenta-style fritter.  I'd say I liked them quite a bit, but wasn't completely in love.  I really enjoyed the texture balance of the very crunchy exterior and the fluffy interior along with the yummy sauce which accompanied it.  I'd give them 3 1/2-4 stars.For my entree, I quite possibly picked the worst choice.  I love pumpkin gnocchi and in fact LOVED the pumpkin gnocchi in the dish, but when reading the title of the dish which advertised a blue crab fontina fondue, I naturally assumed it was a side dish of sorts because in my wildest dreams I wouldn't pair a sweet gnocchi with seafood and cheese.  The cheese wasn't overpowering, so the sauce on the gnocchi was okay, but the crab meat was way too fishy with the sweetness of the dumplings.  I ate most of it, but separated the gnocchi from the crab.  I wished I had ordered something else, which is always sad when you are really looking forward to a meal.  Also, I found several pieces of shell in the small amount of crab that was included in my dish.  I was pretty surprised that there was THAT much shell left in such a small amount of crab, and no one had picked over it.  It seemed that with every bite of crab I found another shell.  This dish would get 1 1/2-2 stars.My dessert was easily my favorite course!  I love bread pudding and this was no exception (easily 5 stars).  My friends enjoyed their dinners as well, both ordering steaks, but they agreed that better steaks are available at other restaurants in the city.  While ambiance and service was pleasant, the food wasn't quite good enough to satisfy.  I'm pretty much calling my entree a wash.  I don't regret trying it because I really wanted to, and at least now know a combination of flavors I would never want to put together in a million years.  I would definitely consider coming back here though, but use a little more caution when ordering and not just assume certain items are side dishes as opposed to part of the actual dish.  I'm keeping an open mind and giving them the benefit of the doubt that next time they will not fail quite so badly as they did with the gnocchi, and will post an update if that day ever comes.|0|0|0
lu1rX1xpg7hbcWPnfOWMMQ|rOb9U03uPUCqunjSUns30A|1|Help me out here, Providence. I'm a big fan of downtown. I like to go out of my way to encourage new businesses. So when I found myself looking for a quick lunch while doing some research at the RISD Library, I was drawn to Quickly. Bright, clean, a little cutesy, it looked like it might fill a void between the sit-down service of Sura and Teriyaki House on Westminster and the food trucks on KP. They had a somewhat limited menu of rice bowls and noodle bowls; that was fine with me, I wasn't looking for anything more than that. The place was nearly full, which seemed like a good sign. I ordered a grilled chicken rice bowl, expecting, you know, some grilled chicken and rice. What I got, though, was a soggy, apparently steamed or stewed chicken leg and wing over equally soggy white rice, some forgettable bland sauce and a couple of greens. You know how, when you stew chicken and the skin gets all slimy? It was mostly that. Slimy chicken skin. In a bland, not even vaguely Asian, brownish sauce. So what happened here? Did I order wrong? I tried dousing it with sriracha sauce (there was a handy bottle of it on the table), but that didn't help. I left more than half of it and went over to KP and hit up the food trucks to salvage lunch. (Thank you, Mama Kim.)Maybe there's something Quickly does well (Lots of people came in and got bubble tea while I was there - and they were, true to the name, quick), but trust me, this was not it.|1|0|0
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|iRgMiQ9nnDu9tdWjI-vi6w|4|My experience at Angkor was excellent. I went there with a group of 6 people and we all enjoyed our meals and the service was amazing. The staff is very accommodating, attentive and friendly. Personally I would recommend the pad Thai. Also, don't forget it's BYOB!|0|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|7Z5FBmVONE3lAkD3vMID0Q|4|Tortilla Flats is like my personal "Cheers", it's where everybody knows your name.  We made quite a habit of going here for quite some time, and though our trips are not as frequent, our waitress is always very welcoming.  Admittedly, there's probably better Mexican around, but their margaritas are tough to beat. Their wings are to die for and come in a delicious tortilla basket. You want to eat it all, believe me.The Flats is a great place to go with friends. I have a lot of fun memories there, and that's what keeps me going back.|0|0|1
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|VEj1OuO6QrQMXFhuMZJ8cQ|5|You know what I love about Al Forno? The Grilled Pizza Margarita.And the only way to describe it is from the top down:The top drizzling of olive oil lends a nice, richness to the pizza in both flavor and color. The duo of cheeses is just enough to barely coat the pomodoro. The slightly, sharp, saltiness of one cheese melts into the creamy, succulent, softness of the other. These cheeses coat a subtly acidic, slightly sweet pomodoro, with hints of basil, thyme and rosemary.And the crust is perfectly grilled with a subtle woodsy flavor and a slight crunch in all the right places. Golden in color and smooth in texture, this crust is the best you will ever experience. The edges are crisp, and though it is thin, there is enough crust to hold the toppings without letting them slop over the sides, somehow maintaining its texture even in the middle of the pizza.|3|3|2
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|6lgoTxzdcByUKtbhghxlzg|4|Best sushi I have had so far in Providence. Simplicity at it's best!  The rice is perfectly seasoned and textured. The ingredients are always at their peak and it is very inexpensive. My only complaint is they use bad pickled Ginger. They use the heavily dyed garbage you find in "fast food" sushi places. Other then that 4 stars!|1|0|1
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|BPhCgJHhw5omsMH2kLopJQ|3|Sloppy, gluttonous, hangover/stoner food, with a trendy twist! I'll cut to the chase here folks:-Build you own burger with a beer for $7.99 is a killer deal.-If you don't like soggy food, forget the Calamari.-Chances are you will feel the need for an immediate nap when you leave.-A little packaged for my liking, but does the job.-Worth a visit.|1|1|1
TSPQ-c1Sin-at6pUUMycfA|jIX1XJicVAPdsYbstzQB0g|3|I enjoy the food, especially the pickles, but the Corporate Cafe only accepts cash.  This is a major downside, and the lines can get VERY long at lunch time if you don't call ahead or miss the rush.  The positives also include friendly service and a variety of chips and drinks, as well as greeting cards.  If you're carrying cash and not looking to eat between 12 and 1, give it a try, otherwise, keep walking.|0|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|UTrAD9xpAgEuoSZfXANT2w|4|I had a great time at Fire & Ice!  This was my first time there and the food was great and the atmosphere was very entertaining. It was a perfect date!  This is the type of restaurant that is what you make it and there are so many food options that everyone can be happy.|0|0|0
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|CiPuoYrG3ABdPbLMGjBIjw|5|We went back this Friday and I tried the Beef Galbi sliders and the veggie dumplings. Based on this visit, I'm knocking my star rating up to 5. The folks rocking the window service are friendly and helpful, and the food is just darn good. I'm going to go ahead and call it: the Pork Kimchi sliders are my fave. Follow Mama Kim's on Twitter, Facebook, whatever you need to do. Just go find the truck and your tummy will thank you.|1|1|1
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|O9oRSlng92w43FDHrbI_YA|5|This may seem like a pretentious bar from the exterior, but once you walk inside it's very welcoming.  It's kind of euro, and the music is good at night.  Don't come here in a baseball cap and sneakers, it's just not that type of place.  The food is excellent and the prices are great.  I use to come here a lot when I was an undergrad living in Providence.  I still try to make it down to Providence just to come here, it's so good and probably one of my favorite restaurants.|2|0|1
EqOxdxn_ziCSkj988ERTgw|_Zo0sIkSpWurzNjVnXiBOg|2|We ate here for my birthday. It was ok - nothing great - don't plan on going back. They provide free valet service for customers who are attending a show at PPAC, so that was a perk. The service and food were ok, but nothing special. They were out of Riesling, which really put a damper on the evening as it was my b-day and that's my favorite type of wine. There are too many good restaurants in Providence to waste your time on this one.|0|0|0
ooNlNmDvLdmPuR_b_b2Rww|N5HtwwIsEuVd-7lrcyzXzg|5|oh wow. This place is fantastic! There's nothing like strolling up to that smokey smell on a fall afternoon with grumbling bellies. Yesterday I had the Rueben and fries with all kinds of sauces to dip it in. The sandwiches are enormous! My boyfriend and I always split a sandwich and a side. Their pickles are delicious too! I will be filling up that frequent sandwich card soon....|1|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|Z_NBSxxsMiACYkVvg1KvDg|2|Oh Brickway, what happened to you? I remember really liking the food here years ago. but either my memory is faulty or things have gone downhill. The pancakes were rubbery, and my egg sandwich just tasted off, with the most unappealing looking onions I've ever seen, and the hashbrowns were blah. The restaurant was almost empty at the time, so a hurried kitchen was not the cause. Everything on my and my friend's plates was just flat out not very good .For the prices they charge, I could have had a much better meal at Julian's, or saved 5$ and gone to Donna's. I left feeling cheated. At least the service was friendly and prompt, and the iced coffee was good, but I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.|3|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|8uzcR0Xhon8e4cN5hdOQOg|5|Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! You made our engagement night the best it could have been. Sometimes it is nice to just hand back the menus and say "please take care of us." And you did. The variety of courses, the flavor of each, the foie gras, the beautiful table, and the service all shined. Dennis, thanks for making it all do easy and for The Dorrance recommendation for a nightcap. It was a special night. We let ourselves be open and you hit one out of the park!Thanks again!!!|2|0|0
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|yrqzt5IeOGQ3xa98vZQ0xw|2|I kind of miss the Liquid Lounge bar that used to be at this location (classic dumpy college bar) but I was happy to hear that a craft beer oriented bar had opened up in its place. First impression upon walking in was that they did a nice job renovating the place as a classy upscale English pub. A little too bright though. I didn't try any of the food so I can't comment on that aspect of this establishment. As for the beer, they have a huge and rather expensive bottle selection. The draft selection was too small for my liking and was made up of English beers and was a tad expensive, though beers like Old Speckled Hen are always pricey on tap. My friend that came with me, and doesn't drink alcohol, ordered a Diet Coke as usual, and we were pretty surprised that they charged $2.50 for it, which was almost half what my pricey English beer cost. To be honest, I am not a fan of paying high prices for bottles of beer I can get at a store down the street and the draft selection was only so-so. The Wickenden Pub has almost as many bottles and the same size draft selection (though no food) so this place is not unique in its beer selection. Rated purely on the beer, which is as big part of how they seem to be promoting themselves, this place has potential but I doubt it will become a beer destination. I will return to try the food though. The bar drink service was very good3 stars might have been warranted but $2.50 for a diet coke? Whats up with that?|1|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|ywfeMDH9UlWBRc9zmVUhGQ|5|This place is great!  They serve sushi that is excellently prepared and cheaply priced.  I've been many times.  Plus it's BYOB, so you can drink and eat cheaply.  We brought in a box of Franzia once and ended up doing "Boxed-Wine-Stands".  Anyway, the service is good.  It's definitely not 'friendly' in the "Welcome to Chili's, my name's Debby and I'll be taking care you tonight!" way, but it's very fast and responsive.  I've started off many nights in Providence here, because it's a cheap way to go out, eat good food, and pre-game all at the same time.    Also, the dragon rolls are awesome!|1|0|2
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|-FYRq0CAvG1hfiIa1F7Lew|3|The euphemism "good enough for government work" comes to mind here.  This place is good enough to come back to but not one to come to on a consistent basis unless you're in to the beer menu (which is pretty decent).  Not the best beer menu in the city, but certainly respectable.  The food is so-so.|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|jwtTBTYuL8249q26lmJH6A|2|The 3 mini cupcakes I tried were very good. I bought a half pound of guatemalan coffee grinded and while it smells amazing, I did not really like it when I made it. It may have been grinded too fine, very powdery and much finer than I am used to. She asked how I wanted it ground and I said medium to coarse and she had no idea what I was talking about so I said I need it grinded for a  french press and she said ok. The fact that she didn't know that a fine ground is not good for a french press is not good when they are charging $13/lb for coffee and now I feel like I wasted money. Wishing I had some of my usual starbucks grounds right about now. Took my free cup of coffee as decaf, which wasn't good, but what decaf is? hard to hold that against them I guess. I just didn't need any more caffeine at the moment. If I am i the area I may give it a try for a cup made there of another kind there or some pastries. The way the chairs are set up doesn't really make it a place I would want to hang out. cramped, people kept bumping into each other. I felt claustraphobic quickly so I would not hang out there unless I could get a table by the window maybe.|0|0|0
pZnk9tKEHrEIHq0NfSzXRA|FoqhEZzBaxzCEEGnB0qetA|5|Like some others have said, part of me does not want to give this gem up. Flan y Ajo = Absolutely delicious food.   The Tapas plates...they are prepared right in front of you and they are just awesome.  The food is fresh, high-quality, and the preparation is right on point.  There are always a great selection with a broad variety ranging from shrimp, cheese plates, potatoes, meatballs, seafood, asst meats, etc...I have found the easiest way to order is to have them describe the available plates then inevitably say "oooh, i'll have one of those"...so good. Oh, the place is BYOB and there is a great liquor store directly next door so that's a huge plus.Now the place is small, which is great to strike up conversations, but could be a problem if you go at the wrong time.  We tend to go either earlier or later than the usual dinner rush so we can get prime counter space.  One unexpected benefit is the experience of standing at the counter and striking up a conversation with whomever is next to you.  It's just a very cool place to eat some great food, have a drink, and meet some other cool people who appreciate good food.Do yourself a favor and try the place out.|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|J77q16gXjKOBiO7xl5s-_Q|5|This place was hip and fun. The service was impeccable. Unfortunately, we were seated at 9:45pm and a lot of the delicious offerings were gone by then. But the portions were way larger than expected and all were delicate and delicious. The cozy bar is a great place to enjoy a beverage before sitting for dinner.|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|DPjTisV8HhAbNTOefBVGzg|3|I walked in here one morning before class, and I just got an iced coffee, WHOA was it strong! I mean STRONG! May go back again and check it out!|3|1|3
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|BoRDC7m0JP1pm1OapkDG7A|3|Came here with some out of town friends and the food was A-OK.  Service was good, except when we asked why the name of the restaurant was Hemenway's.  The waiter couldn't seem to find the answer.  We googled it later and found out it was the name of the owner's grandfather (since I know you were dying to know).  We got the bacon wrapped scallops (decent, not out of this world as described by other yelpers), crab cakes (nice flavor), clam chowder (SO good! you must get it!), and lobster mac and cheese (big on the lobster, not so much on the cheese).  For dessert, we got a berry tart, which was more of a pie so the title is a bit misleading.All in all, a decent meal.  Oh, and fyi, they offer free valet parking in the lot next door (with validation) after 5pm =)|1|1|1
aGI4Y4bFjYOthrc3sVBa8g|ZhK2xIa4f73JZfua7IP8vA|3|Allie's Donuts - North (with other stuff too).Imagine my excitement when I learned Allie's donuts were available on Gano, making it possible to skip the 40-minute round trip to North Kingstown for a donut fix.  These really are Allie's donuts - custom order a day in advance, and East Side will drive down and pick up a box with your name on them.  Not so convenient for a post-(alcohol) binge binge, but worthwhile when you expect company.Sometimes, day-old Allie's are available in bags by the counter - three for a buck.  Nuke them for fifteen seconds, and you've just shortened your life by about fifteen smiling minutes.Be mindful of the "special."  The courico sandwich is a winner - spicy sausage with potato, smashed inside a soft bun makes for a terrific $4 dinner.  Unfortunately, as much as I've begged over the course of three years, they have not served up Saugy's dogs - Saugy's is to Rhode Island hot dog as Del's is to frozen lemonade.|1|1|1
KU3o2bfHa-igvS7DgnpzDw|pHXVQ0ypzTd7Jy7qBDOAJw|3|Haruki Express is OK. Just OK.But with the Haruki stamp on it, I want more than OK. I stop by when I'm in the Brown area and in a rush for a fresh lunch to go, but otherwise it's not really a destination. The lunch specials at Sakura are a better deal and I agree with Hilary, Haruki East and any of our fine local sushi locations will "express" an order for takeout just as efficiently. But it is really nice to wander the shop and check out the cool Japanese pantry items while you wait for your order. (Wondering what "Men's Pocky" is? Well, if you like your Pocky like you like your men - bittersweet, tall, dark, and handsome - this is your Pocky.)I recently ordered a roll topped with eel sauce. Love my unagi, but this was an overly-sweet, heavy gel. I had to scrape it off, losing my roe in the process... sorry little guys! Otherwise, decent sushi every time.Bonus point for the perfectly-shaped, thin, rectangular coated disposable soy sauce dishes they give you to go. Condiment cups are just awkward.|3|1|2
jfZXp0POls-M2cgSxsS8fw|o3YwsT-mQNMkYGXclXKwSw|1|I work around the corner and have had take out lunch here several times.  The food is always mediocre at best....but the last time I ordered there was a hair IN the dough of my steamed dumpling.  So gross, I'm not going back.|2|0|0
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|CJw-FGe77x6Yph196sXB8Q|5|What a perfect Saturday night out, when we arrived the Free valet was right out front the restaurant had an elegant casual look. We were quickly greeted and offered to be seated immediately but we chose to go to bar (good choice) where we had martinis and absolutely perfect shrimp and oysters.When we sat for dinner we started with fois gras that was done perfectly. The salad (cobb a must have and a really unique look) and steak to follow where also fantastic.We finished with coffee drinks and dessert (panacotta) that didn't disappoint. Everything from the wine to the perfect service was top notch. We arrived at 7:30 for a 8:30 reservation and sat at our table until after 11:00 we were never rushed and we felt completely 100% satisfied with our evening.|0|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|Qn49RX3JRzvsSeM6svOKqw|4|I go to Sakura often, sometimes the staff is pleasant, and sometimes they are well, not so pleasant.The food is solid though, and I find the yam-rolls worth dealing with the hit or miss service.|0|0|0
RD-icRypSMg6nA4Xy8dCUw|Up0qlOHfNj57b3RtTEGA-A|4|Noodles 102 is a great neighborhood restaurant.  From the street, it may be difficult to locate but is worth it!  I highly recommend the coconut broth and rice noodle (build-your-own) soup.  The spring rolls are good too.  Everything is made to order so it may take a little while for your food to come out.  The dining room is open but relatively small.  Could be good for groups- Not very intimate for a first date.|1|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|ylqULmksKDA__qlOIfv0nw|3|Had a half sandwich of the Thanksgiving today (I've been craving turkey and cranberries); goodness gracious those portions are huge!  And well-priced but I can't imagine who would ever eat a whole on their own in one sitting.  The tryptophan nearly put me to sleep in the afternoon.3 stars because I wouldn't go there except for lunch (that said, I'll be going there again when I'm in Providence); the sandwich was quite good but didn't do well as takeout.  I wish it did; also wished it had some gravy.|0|0|0
aGI4Y4bFjYOthrc3sVBa8g|PVFekEJidqcH3V55HqhIBg|5|UPDATE: finally decided to get something other than my usual graham central station and tried their soft serve. i had the espresso flavor...and it was DELICIOUS. the texture was creamy and not too watery as a lot of soft serve can be, and as usual, the portion was incredibly generous [really, you'll be fine with just a kiddie size].east side creamery is really one of the biggest things i miss already about providence now that i've graduated and moved back home...and it will be the first place i go to when i visit again.|1|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|-Ecm_cRLt4WI9r0P9fBGeQ|4|Fellini Pizzeria has some of the best pizza and sandwiches on the East Side. I love that you have the option to get your sandwiches on focaccia bread (something I always opt for). The sandwiches always taste like the veggies are fresh off the plant and the pizza dough is just right. I've heard that his place is open later than the bars down on the water but haven't had a chance to check it out myself. When the weather gets warm again, you can bet I'll be making may way though Fellini's on my walk home.The pastries are pretty good too.|3|0|1
mdqwn32B4RVJI8_MQLXXHg|oLUlqf4ONRondxvLXxjhDQ|4|I love the flavors and toppings available. Everything was very clean, well kept, and I felt like nothing flavor wise could have been better. The fruit was fresh and ripe, and all ingredients were imaginative and tasty. However, they need someone to do crowd control here. I was there with a long line for 15 minutes because there were 10 billion teenagers goofing around with one another, screaming, acting like 5 year olds.|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|iJMDvVg6Mgl43is4XxIKsA|4|With the exception of the negative Yelp reviews, I had heard nothing but enthusiastic and raving recommendations to try Cuban Revolution from friends, colleagues, etc before I finally managed to make plans to dine here last night.  I went to dinner with an open mind.  I didn't expect to be blown away, but I trust my friends, and if most of them love it here, I had a feeling it couldn't be as bad as some of the Yelp reviews say...Although some of the tables are in close proximity to others, the restaurant was not overwhelmingly crowded when we arrived.  Service was very fast.  We ordered the patatas bravas as an appetizer.  It wasn't bad, but not the best I've had... a lot spicier than I expected, and all the sauce had made the potatoes soft.  Since they are fried it is nice to still see some of that crisp texture through the sauce if possible.  Before we had even finished our patatas, our entrees arrived.  Like I said, fast service.  I ordered the Fidel, which was their "World's Best Cuban Sandwich" served with black beans and rice.  The black beans and rice were very good.  Not overly salty or overly seasoned for that matter, but just right, and saucy enough to absorb into the rice and make it a cohesive bowl of Cuban yumminess.  The sandwich was very tasty!  The bread was pressed and perfectly crisp without being dry.  The melange of meats within--roast pork, ham, and salami--were very nice, although salami isn't traditional from what I can tell.  The pickles were crisp, and the mustard and mayo rounded out the sandwich perfectly.  The Swiss cheese was not melted at all.  It was delicious, but its lack of melting would be my only qualm with this sandwich.  Otherwise, it was perfectly satisfying for my non-Cuban palate.  I would order this again in a heartbeat.Cuban Revolution is certainly not as bad as some of these other reviews suggest.  I'm sure there are some dishes that are not as good as others, but this is common at all restaurants.  All I know, is that my trusted friends seem to think very highly of this place, and this trusted Elite Yelper happens to agree :)|3|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|o4nAUsN-c9VuQbMBzarGeg|3|I"ve only eaten here once, that's the warning so don't qoute me, but what I have had so far, the duck wonton/pot stickers  were a bit over cooked but tastey, however what they called Ponzu, was not.  Its just citrusy soy sauce, my favorite but it had cucumber juice in it, not citrus enough for the strong flavor of duck.  We had at least, three, I had 2 cocktails with muddled fruit, by their third round, they were out of fruit for one of our friends so we left.  I reccomend it for the atmosphere, the drinks, fresh tasting and service was very good, the menu appears to better for brunch, but I can't say now that Downcity isn't so close to their competition?  I doubt very much that I will return for eats, but for an art opening yes.|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|pzZEAHDhN2c1PeEkZh54vA|3|A sunggery revisited...Due to my last review The Duck & Bunny took swift action and asked us about our experience which resulted in a gift card being sent to us, which was a kudos on their part.. So last night we decided to take a trip over to their quaint, dollhouse-like eatery for their chance to wipe my slate clean and start this relationship over again.. I can honestly say I was excited.For those of you who have never been... it is a very small place. I would say cozy rather than cramped or tight. Everything is white and has just enough sparkle to it. I would consider myself a self proclaimed foodie, so I was interested to see what they could offer beyond the typical cupcake.. As I thumbed through their menu, I realized it was quite impressive. Everything from appetizers and crepes to crepiccini (pasta made from crepes) and tea sandwiches! The coffee and tea menu was equally impressive!So after weighing my options I decided on the Roast Beef Crepiccini, this was a beautiful dish created by taking crepe pasta, tossed in a gorgonzola cream sauce (not heavy at all) then laying it delicately on the plate and adorned with shaved roast beef (roast beef was said to be rare but wasn't, however it was still tasty) and mushrooms... This reminded me of a spin off of beef stroganoff.. I was NOT disappointed!! My sister enjoyed the regular Crepiccini which was tossed in a tomato buerre blanc and was accompanied by an amazingly mound of  Naragansett Creamery ricotta. The flavors danced in my mouth as the textures, flavors and aromas filled my head!After my taste buds had been satisfied, we were asked about having dessert... I was on the fence... Should I dive into the realm that had brought me here in the first place or should I stick to my overly satisfying feeling that I was having at the moment...After giving it a moment to think about.. I decided that I would be doing myself and my readers a disservice if I didn't RETRY the cupcakes... The server read off the selections for the evening..and I chose the Banana Nutella Cupcake (one that I had tried the first time). Minutes later it was sitting in front of me, awaiting my consumption.. I must admit I was a little nervous.. I took my spoon and took a piece containing the cake and an equal amount of frosting.. I let the texture and flavor mingle in my mouth, honestly giving it another chance. This pains me to say.. but I was left unsatisfied with the cupcake yet again.. I found the cake a little dry and the frosting on the greasy side.. I tried eating just the cake, then just the frosting.. Then both again.. nothing was striking a chord in me. My sister tried it as well and concurred. Now... on to my recommendation.. Would I tell my friends, family, clients etc. about this eclectic little bistro? Or do I tuck this away as a memory and move on, never to return...? I WOULD recommend The D&B to others and I DO plan on going back, I can't say enough about the dinner we had and how absolutely delicious our meals were! I also have a food allergy and one of the servers was gracious enough to MAKE SURE my meal was allergen FREE!! :)Until We Eat Again!NiNi M.|2|0|2
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|zZnfmKnlXdWEsTT3l3QpDQ|4|We came here on my son's recommendation. He and his girlfriend go every week and he and I have the same sensibilities. Of course, that doesn't mean I'm going to like it...WE loved this place.The "town", all ten blocks squared, is adorable, very quaint, very Williamsburg back in the day(early 90's).Bright yellows and greens and blues(that's the decor) ,lots of  wooden tables, kinda cramped,just added to the charm. And the food was good.So we had to wait for seating a good half hour, but it was Sunday brunch, and the weather was  warm AND it was parents weekend. When we were seated, inside ,because you took whatever became available so FORGET waiting for a table on the sunny sidewalk,our waitress was there asap, big smile and ready to go.I had the eggs benedict, with a twist, instead of canadian bacon it was smoked salmon. Very yummy. You didn't get toast, that was extra, as were any sides.I thought the buttermilk pancakes were dry and flavorless, a definite miss. But my hubby wasn't actually complaining, there was lots of syrup and butter.I will definitely go back and try some lunch instead of brunch and try it on  a week day although my feel is that this place is always a go.It is with me for sure.I long for old the billy-b days and this place really  takes it back for me.Did I mention the eggs were good?|2|1|3
dKv6bbqs6Otq6YKNWby4uQ|1uwyvFD8BK1BVMmCyCyXBg|2|When I came here I didn't even eat any pizza. I ordered their sausage sandwich and ten wings, the sandwich was pretty huge. Pretty thumbsup. Pretty awesome. The wings were mediocre, fried too long and got a little too crispy. The hot sauce that they use was not exactly that good either. Oh, I got free fries because the person I went with was a Brown student, bad fries. Go somewhere else.|0|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|ge4xiFa_TesgDmgZLVzQFw|5|Love the casual feel of this place, the decent variety of breakfast items and love the specials.  (Can we please have the Pesto Pet be a permanent special?)Come here often and staff is almost always friendly and service is usually great. I have only had one or two occasions where service was a bit slow, but usually it was during particularly busy times so I forgive them that and still have to give the full 5 stars.|1|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|5632UnVRMMf6wjISEG_iXg|5|Great place for a simple meal.  Food was fresh, the team was great with questions and special requests.  Highly recommended.|0|0|0
QSB6qv6EvXebXu0n42X48A|iCppbv3C7XvCyzIZnNQ7fg|1|What crap mexican food.  Its not remotely Mexican and its barely even food. Don't waste your time or money on this place. Weirdest part is it is sort of in a pizza pizza restaurant with good pizza.|1|1|0
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|boSsem5VxkmlYZ6WVH3hcQ|4|Good Korean and great service.  Only think missing was Bibimbop.I can understand the "americanization" (eg. Korean-sliders [is that a contradiction in terms?]) of the food, I guess I just wasn't ready for it.All in all a great destination - we're heading back soon.|1|0|0
4EljqY21fLOtLaoWCJlsIQ|SNNqHITC-UJCC-ouNLfxpA|5|Sorry to all my fans, but this place is GREAT for lunch.  The all-you-can-eat soup is amazing and I highly recommend the Black Bean.  The staff is always super ncie and they get you in and out fast, cheap and full.|0|0|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|yZyUc9ChBerAAeUY8ygSfw|4|Winter is probably not the best time to visit...Olga's has a lot of charm that probably springs to life in the warmer months. But with lots of white stuff on the ground and a stiff wind whipping temps down to where your teeth freeze, it's hard to make brick and cement cozy. Came for breakfast on a weekday and was kinda disappointed they only have that on certain days. Had a mocha and pastry. Not a whole lot of selection for pastries. What I had was good though. Parking wasn't a problem with most of Providence bunkered in front of their space heaters. Only 4 people in the whole place. The workers are more pleasant than most places in my home state of RI. Overall it kinda reminded me of Bay Area cafs in terms of quality, atmosphere, and price. All high! heheheheh.|0|1|1
ILLYK1PwY2F5c__Dhycopw|1Z4q8zpCRuGZ0S7qmTcvQw|4|Came for restauarant week, Sat night, reservation at 9:15.  Couldn't beat this menu, considering I had a chowder, NY strip, and delicious flourless chocolate espresso cake for dessert.Ordered a bottle of the Markham Merlot, very well priced at $50 for a 2006.  Since it was somewhat a budget night, that was the best pick.The clam chowder was good.  Nothing to rave about, but better than most restaurants outside of Newport, thats for sure. Had the Kona encrusted NY Strip (bone in) w/ shallot butter.  It was a delicious steak, I guess I wish it was just a bit thicker.  I saw the table next to us get a couple served, and they were suprisingly a solid inch thick.  Regardless, it is restaurant week, i wasn't expecting a 16 ounce strip.The creamed spinach was amazing.  I had Ruth's Chris' the night prior, and I  will give it to Capital Grille... much more spinach-y tasting as compared to RC's much more cheese tasting spinach.  Both were great, but CG's tasted a little better.   Sam's mashed potatoes however... good, but not out of this world.  Still a very solid dinner for $30 a head.I think the chocolate espresso cake is still digesting.  That thing was like a friggin brick, but I couldn't stop eating it, so delicious!As others said.  Capital Grille is all about consistent, good food.  It has a classic steak house atmosphere, and everything is business.  Very few mistakes are made at Capital Grille.  The steaks (not just restauarant week) are very good.  I prefer other steaks in the area, but Capital Grille is a restaurant that you have to go to now and again to get your fix.|0|0|0
BhjVNGhWBeWx-joM_xwS9w|eCK1nU14cJgKL3L-aJ9r-Q|4|Great Fresh and Cheap! A irish pub with all the right things - food, booze, great wait staff, great location and home made pickles! I've started going here more and more often. It's clean and very convenient to everything going on downtown. The food is alway a pleaser - I Recommend the Patty Melt - It's done the right way - on toast, mayo and very juicey. The rueben is also tops!If you have a cocktail ask for a "big boy" glass as the regular pour is kind of jelly jar/water glass size.Recently started having drag brunches what a riot! (3/12)|0|0|0
RIzlH7t_wVhiTFklmYC1RA|Q9mmDfXSGke1LKCxZo8AQg|3|cute little place, good food, need a bigger menu i think... but very cute and cozy. watch out for the regulars at the bar! ;)|2|1|2
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|oZEgWMKK1dBIUow8emOCGg|5|Great place to grab a quick bite to eat.  It's always my first choice when I'm on Thayer St.|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|_YCFnRUDjOCtp_HTbictZA|3|I read about this restaurant over a decade ago from an issue of Saveur, and have been planning to visit ever since. We finally got our chance when my wife's angel of an aunt took over our kids for the weekend. We arrived at 6 pm Saturday night, after checking into our hotel. The maitre d' gave us an hour and a half wait time, so we went to the bar to wait. Luckily there were plenty of seats. The bartenders were very friendly and chatty. We ordered fried sweet corn fritters and fried Duxbury oysters. Both were delicious, but very heavy so we shared the appetizers with our bar neighbors, who were happy to share their advice on their favorite dishes at this restaurant. We were seated after 40 minutes of waiting, which passed quickly. Now that we were seated, the wait began for our waiter. When he arrived he seemed disinterested and the lack of enthusiasm was a bit of a downer. We ordered two pasta dishes: the bread-crumb gnocchi with a tomato-based meat sauce made from their home-made sausage and a mushroom ravioli. The server had us order dessert at the same time since they can take a while to prepare. We ordered a custard-marscapone infused brioche with a chocolate cream sauce. The food was very good, but not quite up to the expectations set for us by the media. The gnocchi was like a plain tasting thick wheat pasta, and was saved by the delicious spicy meaty sauce it was served with. Very unlike my standard for gnocchi, the soft pillowy potato morsels that I've had at Babbo (NYC). The ravioli was very good, but the filling appeared to be primarily ricotta, with the mushrooms lying outside the ravioli in the sauce. The presentation was ordinary. Dessert sounded scrumptious on the menu, but it tasted and looked like french toast with chocolate sauce. It wasn't very special.I didn't have enough stomach left to try their famed pizza. There are many good restaurants in Providence that I would like to try. Given the incredible wait times and lack of reservations (except for large parties), I am afraid to be disappointed by a return trip.|2|0|0
QAxQdJ5m-wrvLUUGb0-ulw|I6-AyUKJhe2VEId3l9ZL3A|3|Location is great, along the waterfront. Large bar area with many tvs for games. Large outside area for summer night lounging/dining. Daytime is quiet and peaceful. Food is average bar food, nothing special. Service is good. Parking is ok. Good for meeting with large groups.|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|D4un9kv2gb3jaPDS7NMELg|4|This is one of my favorite places in Providence because it has such a great atmosphere. A favorite of mine and close friend, we chose this place because of its air of escape. The food is pretty unique for a menu that has not changed since it has opened. They switch it up a bit with specials, however, my standard go to is either the Wyatt Reuben or the Distinguished Lincoln. Both are filling and come with a small green salad. Most of the cupcakes are really good with old favorites like Red Velvet and Vanilla Butter cream, but they do have some alcohol flavored cupcakes and interesting flavors like banana nutella and date nut. The drink menu is great for a place that doesn't have a hard alcohol on premise. The Lava Lamp is one of my favorite drinks there. Additionally, the tea and coffee are of very high quality. This place is great for a casual meal with girlfriends. I highly suggest it!|0|0|0
pZnk9tKEHrEIHq0NfSzXRA|SwVqXFmnWh6TDKCEba_Bcg|4|I admit it: when I first heard the concept ("a standing room only tapas bar") I was a hater. Who's gonna eat tapas at a place with 5 seats? And why would you stand around at a BYOB bar? Why do I have to go inside before I see the menu?Tapas are my favorite genre of food, so I had to give it a shot. Here's how it works: menu items are on the slate board on the wall. It's all in Spanish, which I do not speak. But I do speak food, and I could sorta figure out what was what. If not, just ask and the gracious staff are happy to explain everything to do. Bocadillos = sandwiches, tortilla = like a fritatta of egg & potato, pintxos are your a delicious bite of something on top of a piece of bread. Then there are a few selections of meats, cheese, olives, and empanadilla of the day. They also do espresso, which I haven't tried but need to.The food is simple but delicious. The family-run atmosphere is very warm and welcoming. When my boyfriend wanted to play the vintage pinball machine, the owner-Dad said "You'll have to challenge me because I have the high score!" So cute. They are open for lunch M-F and dinner Wed-Sat. I have yet to go for dinner because every time I've tried, they are PACKED.|5|0|2
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|m_ZofG4UObEMBND2vdyiwg|4|"Choco Loco," also known as "Beaurider," also known as breaded chicken and tortellini pasta pizza ($3) is also what they used to call me when I was a grad student and ate there almost every weekday for lunch, enough so that they gave me an Antonio's T-shirt that I have still never worn.I stopped by recently on a trip to Providence, and it was pretty much the same as I'd left it 4 years ago. In fact, I actually recognized one of the guys working there, which in one way temporarily provided the comforting illusion that nothing had changed and in another way felt creepy like Groundhog Day.The main draw is an impressive slice selection of 30+ varieties that is even enjoyable sober, ranging from basic cheese ($1.75; the days of $1 slices are long gone) to specialty slices ($2.75-$3) including pesto portobello with fresh mozzarella and basil, barbecue chicken, pepperoni, pesto chicken, mexican, the aforementioned and many others. Gordito Burrito is also in the same establishment, so if you have companions who are intimidated by the pizza selection, there's always a simpler option.The Antonio's side of the house keeps it focused, and I will too: If you like New York style pizza, you can't really go wrong here.|4|3|3
BxmSFfCPQN_bg24l44a56Q|tpEWW4usnsOAMlkh1akxcA|5|I just tried the duck sausage with blueberry mustard last week at the Dorrance... it was phenomenal! Who would have thought that blueberries and mustard would go together and then be the perfect compliment to a duck sausage! Amaze-balls...I also had the ceviche, which was definitely pint sized and not for sharing, but was chock full of fresh flavor. Both options were complimented by the complex yet light and refreshing cockails I had ordered...The Westminster Revival and the Congo.Beware of the El Coche! The Scorpion Mezcal being the first ingredient should have said it all... there was no subtly to the flavor, this drink packs a deadly sting. It was smoky, strong, and a little dangerous. My friend referred to it as Tijuana in a glass!!|0|0|0
uaPEPXxiEf8rNFbzFyy3Cw|qTXaS4iDUOe2n7Pyh-tR7A|4|Two words. Giant burritos. This place is cheap + has huge proportions. They also have student discounts. Food is very very good.  Never a let down. Sometimes they run out of guac + that makes me super sad but other than that never been disappointed.  Pretty full of students but kid friendly. Hard to find parking but worth it. yum yum yum.|1|0|0
LahgT0Dec0B6NSws7VHiJQ|KQhLF7fFymuvUJNf7SoUoA|4|I had to stop by Spike's on my day trip to Providence. We had the buffalo dog and it was fantastic. It is totally the bun that makes this dog and I will definitely go back if I'm in Providence. They do get one star taken away for being a dirty place with dirty workers who sneezed on top of the food without covering his mouth...seriously. But I'm a big fan of street food too which is probably 10x as dirty...probably why it's all so good...|2|0|1
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|3T0FvfI9LH8MYvIa9svQgA|5|One of the best restaurants in Providence.  We love the street noodles, naam ya medicine soup, rice mitaheap, and pickled mustard greens.  I could eat here everyday and never get sick of it.Also great--the fact that its byob--stop by college liquors or or Madeira liquors before to get something good to drink.  The owner is so nice and glad to see you.  Awesome for vegetarians and meat eaters alike.  In fact, its a perfect place to go with a group that has some meat eaters and some veggies.  Yay Angkor!|0|0|0
87h9WI6h9cjNHxQd0FizBA|1QuwE2zdmu0VZbzHgQtKJQ|4|For all of its its 35 years we've been coming to The Rue, through changes of menu and staff, and colors and art on the walls -- sometimes for a business lunch, sometimes for a family celebration and other times just for a good meal with friends.  Restaurateur Deborah Norman, ever gracious and attentive -- and often on board in person --  has steadied her ship through shifting waters, most often offering meals we like but occasionally beaching on a shoal.  These last few years we've gone overboard for The Rue all over again. We find it generally steady, reliable, satisfying.One signature item, which has continuously anchored The Rue's delights, is a large basket of piping hot bread, brought to the table by a staff at once knowledgeable and efficient, yet seemingly never too busy for playful banter.  One of my favorite dinners is pan roasted salmon with a pistachio-citrus rub, served with couscous and zucchini squash, an unpredictably delicious combination of tastes and  textures.  On another night I might choose seafood mac and cheese, heavy with seafood, or on Tuesday evenings, Stew Night, chicken pot pie, flaky and flavorful.My wife has her list of favorites, too -- topped by enormous, puffy popovers! And for dinner she's partial to roasted chicken, the "Trio of Mediterranean Treats," the salad Nicoise or a tuna-burger.  (Svelter than I is she!!)And when the dessert tray comes by -- unless we have chosen the prix fixe and its inclusion of pot de creme or creme brulee -- we revel in the choice of tarts and tortes, a fine finale!I suspect The Rue will be on our list of standards for years to come.  We have even taken to Rue Bis -- and now expect to  be  adding Baker Street Rue to our string of breakfast/lunchtime favorites.|1|0|0
pN82QW8yU0kvHqo8Kya-cg|PqEMzxn_7OHpqpwr0bXYkA|3|When first I saw this Korean restaurant inside a blue colonial house, I knew I was definitely in New England. Solomon's offers steaming, spicy Korean meals in a homey atmosphere. Every dish is cooked in a kitchen barely separated from the dining area by a low counter and comes with delicious, down-to-earth sides such as pickled cucumbers. The menu is limited and the food is a bit pricey, but the portions are quite generous. Be sure to check out the market if you want a meal on the run.|0|0|0
pN82QW8yU0kvHqo8Kya-cg|gVFxZMcuG_Tal2_TnpmUPg|2|Boo hiss.  I love Korean, but Solomon's has just never done it for me.  They have two speeds on their dishes - bland and boring, and so-spicy-you-nearly-die.  The menu is distinctly limited and quite small.  I have friends who like this place, so I've tried really hard, but just feh.  I'd take Sun & Moon any day.|1|0|1
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|DyuEUf7rusgsD-piB3vclA|2|Staff has an attitude problem. I find them rude. The pizza is tasty but I always feel ill after eating it. I think there is a little too much oil for my taste.|1|0|0
YEwDXqS6WaT37N3ZQIhbiw|fMFUNmmtkzBlYS0Gk_FVdw|4|If you can manage the walk, try commuting here on a weekend morning instead of to one of the other Bagel Gourmets - it's much less crowded at peak times. The foods I like at the other locations (sesame seed bagels, egg salad, guacamole, breakfast sandwiches) are just as good here.|0|0|0
P2r5tl57DWK5AcZ_GiSvWg|K2GXS6XJyXu01FC6_FKmNg|3|Good little pizza place. Big fan of the wheat crust option.|0|0|1
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|-aMRxjW5Q2K25O--pQ1Pkw|3|After four years of living in Providence, I finally made it to Kartabar for the first time. While it wasn't bad, I can't say I've been missing out by not trying it earlier. The service was good, especially considering I went with a group, but the food was lackluster.I opted for the Caprese Wrap, with plum tomatoes, mozzarella, basil, onions, greens, and sweet balsamic glaze. I was disappointed that it came wrapped in a tortilla and amounted to little better than what I could have made myself in the cafeteria. I requested mashed potatoes instead of fries (for an extra dollar), which was a great choice. (It's hard to go wrong with garlic mashed potatoes!) Including the extra charge for the mashed potatoes, the wrap was $8-- not a bad price.A friend ordered Lobster Ravioli with pink cream sauce, which he reported as not very special, particularly for the price ($15).If I went back, I would try the Cappelli di Angelo, pasta with house marinara and Reggiano.|0|0|0
yNnWaqDFdfD-MqbeAtDfSQ|seoDhKRxvNA6UmsOGFQt0Q|4|Mmm greasy heaven...Fancheezical was pretty dang good.  I had the grilled cheese with pulled pork on it and holy cheezus was it yummy.  The flavor of the bbq sauce, pork and cheese mingled with the taste of the rye bread just perfectly.  I was an instant fan.  Now, with that said, it's not my favorite food truck out there.  Grilled cheese isn't something I would seek out.  If it's in the area, and there are no taco trucks in sight, I would certainly stop and purchase one.  Oh, they also sell local sodas, so that's a plus.|0|0|0
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|GIbxefKhaTybhv6bYsl9ZA|4|Now when I first heard of P.F. chang's opening up, I thought " Oh great, another Chinese Food place, which is going to be like all the other American Chinese Food. . Yuck. " I never thought I'd go here, but it turns out I had to meet up with my mom at the mall, and when you're traveling with your boyfriend who has allergy issues, it seemed like the best place at the mall available. For a chain restaurant in a mall, this place was pretty damn good. Now upon glancing at other reviews about P.F. Changs, I'm a bit surprised. I will say that out of all the "Chinese food" I've had in Rhode Island, this place blows everything I've had away. Which is surprising because like I said above it's a chain restaurant, and it's in a mall.  Everything I had was very fresh, and tasty- and for those who read my reviews you know I'm very picky, especially when it comes to asian cuisine. Maybe some people are so use to very bad "Chinese" food in Rhode Island , so  they thick that this place is not their usual grease coated slop that they are use to, or maybe just MAYBE I haven't found a good "Chinese" food place in Rhode Island that I consider on par with those in NYC, or even the food I've had in Taiwan ( Which isn't Chinese, but yes there are some similar  dishes.) Anyway what amazed me the most about P.F. Chang's, was their knowledge of food allergies. I say that because on their menu they have a very rare section for Gluten free dishes, and upon requesting one of these dishes they go the extra mile by giving you a different colored plate than those dishes made with Gluten. Onto the food! My Fiery Pork Wontons were to die for! Loved how spicy they were, and the use of green onions littering the top of the appetizer.  The Mongolian Beef, was juicy and perfectly grilled so that it left a faint smokey taste in your mouth , and when paired with the green onions. . .Mmhhhh, that's what I'm talking about. The Lettuce Wraps were pleasantly garlicky, but exceptionally good. I'm just surprised they used Iceberg lettuce, and not Boston or Romaine lettuce. Let's not forget the ginger beer. If you love Lemons and ginger this is your drink. It would be even better with Vodka. Overall, I have no real solid complaints about this place, and I'd much rather go here than the Cheese Cake Factory -- and  with my Lactose Intolerance the Melting Pot is out of the question. Will I go back? Absolutely, if not for the Mongolian Beef for the Ambiance  of the restaurant alone|2|0|0
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|ezJj-pxd6dWJ4C3MT3JTzQ|4|I am the worst prson to review a steak place, but I'll give it a shot.The steaks looked steaky.  Various cuts, bacon-wraps, etc..  My meat-friendly friends said they were succulent, but I'll have to take their word for it.  The sushi is where I come in.  Delish.  Fresh lobster, creative combos, all that jazz.  And the side of mashed potatos was enormous and flakey with skins and butter.... heaven.Obviously this place is all about atmosphere.  Dark, sexy, mood lights, 3D glasses for the dessert menu, diners with bedazzled shirts and coctails showing off their pimped out rides with the valet service...Nice place to try if you're a steak fan and like to be scene.|0|0|0
Dn-6ZmMqHW_ATU1I-nrNjw|aWI8rAKcKn28-pd3dclb6g|5|We went to Capriccio on Christmas eve with our best friends. Being transplanted New Yorkers, the four of us are pretty particular about our Italian Food. I'd have to say that our meal on Christamas Eve was one of the best meals I've ever had. The food was spectacular, the ambiance was festive and classy, and the service was first rate. I've probably been to Capriccio about a dozen times over the years and have never had a bad experience. There are a lot of restaurants in New York that can take some lessons from this place.|0|0|0
YEUgaDmoKvYQynNgVGenbw|7oSy8QqH8DFmK64JySgX7Q|1|Thayer Street's demise starts right here and ends with a future nightclub with another dull name like Ultra....The first time I came here I wasn't expecting much... This is place is just another reason why the bohemian culture of Thayer Street is slowly running its course...Luckily there are plenty of other places around to help quell my sushi habit...|0|1|1
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|b0MWwl93ZIVMEGKGG0AlYQ|5|The food is unbelievable. We ordered the cod cakes appetizer and along with the dipping sauce they were heavenly! The pastas here are fantastic as well, and everyone at the table couldn't say enough about their dishes! The service has always been lovely, too. Friendly conversation and very professional demeanor.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|FRXWVQgJKSNnsjoOQd7d9g|5|Fresh, fast, and fabulous.  Perfect for getting to go.  Exquisite, authentic flavors.  One of the best falafel I've ever had.  Mouth-watering lamb.  Go to this place!   Must haves: gyro & falafel combo plate, skirt steak, baklava.|0|0|0
VXAJvtWSzeFzZinJRs75rg|V7vAB8x1zeM-E2LeRMZSTw|2|The food is alright but the service is just plain terrible, there are too many restaurants in Providence to waste your time on Spice Thai Bistro.|0|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|46Fj-TdPlZuTvhTnNEjA0Q|4|Love the special rolls!! The normal rolls are good but the special ones are really excellent! Well priced and byob, can't go wrong!|0|0|0
EqOxdxn_ziCSkj988ERTgw|J10glDXz7JOEE7wGA57dCA|2|Better than expected, but not great. Service was good, our waiter was well spoken and knowledgable of the menu.We sat on outside but there are some rather obnoxious color changing spot lights that illuminate the courtyard and we actually switched to a table that wasn't lit by the spot lights.We only came here because we had a gift certificate and although it was a fine meal, I don't know if I'll be going back.I had Lobster and Shrimp over Papperdelle. This came with a delicious ginger and black pepper cream sauce. However, the lobster was overcooked and the shrimp were frozen shrimp so I actually wouldve like this much better with just the sauce and no lobster/shrimp.This dish was very pricey and if you're going to feature lobster then it should be cooked perfectly.I wouldn't recommend the sangria as it was overpriced and didn't really seem to have any alcohol in it.My boyfriend got a panko crusted pork chop with potato and prosciutto hash. He wasn't too impressed and said the pork tasted like shake and bake. However, the wine pairing that the waiter made was spot on for that dish.So overall, it's a toss up because there were many things that I really liked about this place but also many things that kind of killed it for me.I'd say give it a try and decide for yourself.|0|0|0
_BG8WroxU2JbZSij6VWx_A|UnnQ7aPuVPX02WBDakpBVw|3|When working in Providence I often end up at Ri-Ra after a long evening of walking around downtown. Good food, decent mix of music, Smithwicks on tap and friendly staff people. It can get crowded earlier on, but I usually get there at 10pm or so when things are more relaxed. The crowd seems to vary with business people early on, to local and college residents later in the evening.|1|0|1
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|iIZhsrl0WQInlvyhvukzMQ|4|Providence is quickly becoming my favorite spot for fancy pants dining. With the proximity of Johnson and Wales, this town is loaded to the gills with great dining options where menus are creative and executed with the touch of a master. Mills Tavern falls right in with this golden standard you find commonplace in Providence.Our meal began with cocktails at the bar. After a round of the atypical Goose n' Sodas we noticed dispenser filled with vodka infused with berries. The bartender was more than happy to set us each up with martini's that were refreshing and delicious.We sat for our meal and our waiter went over some menu selections and answered our questions. We decided to share a seafood tower that had plump shrimp, five local oysters, cherry stones and a crab salad. Not a bad value. We also ordered a dish that was a sort of cold vegetable lasagna that was tasty.For entrees my two companions both had the rack of lamb and agreed that it was very nicely done. I ordered the rib steak and a side of Mac and Cheese. The steak was cooked to medium rare as I ordered and had a surprising smoked flavor to it. I asked the waiter what type of wood was used as I figured mesquite, this is often done in restaurants as the strength of the wood can produce a full flavor quickly. I was surprised when he informed me they used hickory. If they didn't use liquid smoke I have to commend them on a job well done! The Mac n Cheese was dry and bland, I should have opted for a veg for a side instead of the starch, it would have been better for my physique and likely my palate too.Desserts were somewhat disappointing, my 9 dollar cheesecake was a very small portion, but still tasted decent, but lacked the wow factor I like to see when I indulge in sweets.The atmosphere was cozy but yet well lit and had a modern open appeal. The service was impeccable. I will likely find myself there again in the future.|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|m7iiJlloCRfWaCPwQwTmpg|4|When I was eating lunch at Amy's Place, I watched people kept entering and exiting this place. Since I love trying out new coffee places, I decided to forgo dessert and have a nice vanilla latte, which was really good. I really liked the atmosphere and if I was a student at Brown (yeah, right like I could get in), I would hit up this spot to study or surf the net on the free wi-fi.|1|1|1
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|XrNBtWD3hdZDV2ltqby8Ow|2|I went to P.F. Chang's when they first open in the mall with two friends who have been there before. They were pretty busy and they really laid on the old corporate customer service. The kind of customer service that you know isn't genuine; the poor waiter just memorized some stupid script.    The food was good, the option were good. The reason I would never go back is because this is Providence. If I'm going to spend that kind of money for any kind of Asian food there's a ton of other places that have food just as good or better, and they're much more comfortable and genuine.|0|0|0
pZnk9tKEHrEIHq0NfSzXRA|Vid-BYONqU3xAdjWt8MLsw|4|Love! Flan y Ajo (Flan and Garlic) is a place worth patronizing! Owned by two sweet, young people, I want nothing more than to see this place succeed.I've only been here for dinner, but the tapas are fantastic.  BYOB, which is great since they're situated next to ENO.  The food is delicious, served fresh, and appropriately priced.  The owners are friendly and truly passionate about their work.The place can get a little tight, which I don't mind, but sometimes that means you don't get the kind of service you hope for.  I'm not going to hold it against these guys, I love them too much.  It's worth mentioning, in clsing, that this place is Spanish food. Don't go in expecting a burrito!|2|0|0
Zeb06JwkXIvweAkGOsWDqg|We-dQX577sIhD1cBetTimw|4|My coworker and I stopped here for carryout months ago and we still talk about it.  Cheap juicy burgers. No complaints.  Can't address the service since we didn't eat in.|0|0|0
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|fMFUNmmtkzBlYS0Gk_FVdw|4|Delicious egg/tuna sala sandwiches. Rather expensive, but much more manageable on two-for-one Tuesdays!|0|0|0
mdqwn32B4RVJI8_MQLXXHg|_bl5PELSGtYjrh0hi8X2ag|5|I've been here 6 times already, it's really great. Despite being pretty busy, self service means that you don't have to stand in line much and can get in and out fast! Yogurt is very good- on par with tangy sweet or red mango. I like the original tart flavor and cranberry-hibiscus was surprisingly good. At 0.49 per oz, expect to spend about $4-6 with toppings, which is comparable to any decent froyo shop in a convenient location. Yogurt flavors change every now and then, I hope they make a green tea flavor, which was my favorite at the TangySweet chain.|1|0|0
x05vLVOH2OQr-8ATmfItRg|B66MuRJwQDOCIstt6Kv10g|1|Wow. I am a fair reviewer, and I have put in reviews all over the country. This is honestly the worst experience for the money EVER. Unfortunately, this was where we chose to do our 10 year anniversary dinner.  The drink I had was the best part, and it went downhill fast from there.  Raw bar: I ordered a dozen oysters - forgotten, and not even an offer for anything.  By the time the waitress realized, the others app was out and oysters weren't happening. Apps: I got the calamari and was surprised to see it put over iceberg lettuce. Really? Fried food over lettuce never looks good. My wife hot some raw tuna thing which had eggs mixed in- honestly a plain old calamari would have been fine. Dinner; didn't matter, already annoyed. It was ok, but nothing special. We had already been sitting there over an hour and just wanted to hurry up a bit. (between) sat there with empty plates for 20 min. No sign of waitress and nobody even thought to come by to ask if we were ok. In fact, we hadn't seen our waitress since the app debacle, as someone else brought the dinners. Dessert: melted ice cream, and took way too long. Hard to sit there 2 hours when nobody comes to ask you anything. Check: took another 15 min, and I eventually brought it to the front to pay. At a fancy place this was a joke. Summary: you go to chains for consistency, and no surprises. You pay top dollar for everything, and I left there thinking that I should have just gone to cheesecake or get pub food.  Oh, by the way, it was a Saturday night, and it wasn't even busy when we arrived at 6.I complained to the manager, who called me the next day and said they'd make it right.  But honestly I won't risk going back to find out.|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|S8cJbdfMOxDkita7piHKjA|5|I feel like I'm in a boat when I'm in this place. I think it's the decor or something, it's cozy. I like that it's crowded- nothing more awkward than sitting alone and hearing the baristas talk about really stupid shit because none of them actually like each other. The staff are pretty nice! The coffee is really strong, I'm not a coffee person but if I'm going to get a metric ton of caffeine real quick I'm totally in. It's also not too expensive.The only big bummer is that Wickenden is so far out of my way. A minimum of fifteen minutes. But since I refuse to get a car that's my own fault.|0|0|0
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|8Q4n3d3YIPRCUhrjKBl95w|4|I'm a Kansas City Barbecue Society Certified BBQ Judge and a big aficionado of barbecue, so I look at barbecue restaurants with a pretty critical eye.  I had heard some really good things about this place and had to try it out. It is a small restaurant, with seats only for a few people, so we did take-out.  We had their spicy BBQ wings, pulled pork, brisket (chopped, not sliced) and ribs, along with side orders of mac & cheese and baked beans. Overall, the 'que was good - it is good to see a barbecue place actually doing barbecue with actual wood and smoke and all that important stuff.  You could taste the authenticity.  However, in my opinion, I think they could go a little heavier on their spice rubs.  The ribs in particular could have used a bit more "oomph" from the spice - the meat was cooked just about to perfection, so it really was just a matter of flavor, and while it was good, I would have liked to taste a bit more distinction from their spice rub. The pulled pork and brisket were also good, with plenty of smokey flavor, but by the time we got it home, it was a bit dry.  If you get take-out, be sure to ask them for take-out containers of their sauce, since while the pork and brisket is good, it is a little dry, but not so much that some sauce couldn't help it (this is a pretty common problem among all but the highest volume BBQ restaurants I've found).  The wings were very tasty - they are smoked, which means you don't get crispy skin, but they cook them enough to render out the fat so they aren't gross, and the smokey flavor blends nicely with their spicy BBQ sauce.  Next time I'll try them buffalo style. The sides were good - mac & cheese was appropriately creamy and cheesy, and the baked beans were some of the best I've ever had.  I would gladly go back again and try more of their meat selections with their sauces.|4|0|0
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|GSFSPGnt6qu3bRGtOwQ9OA|4|Impeccable service, friendly atmosphere, great food, and delicious desserts.|0|0|0
6fz6hlH9LDkZ9jwtwBVOEQ|eqL1BcJSN65RPRzlTEoInw|1|I second Graham's note on Spat's complete failure. The staff not knowing how to work the TVs is not a one-time thing. It happens constantly. During March, we wanted a place to watch some daytime games, but not only did no one know how to change the channels, but it turns out Spat's does not have the satellite sports package. Even if this grievous error gets corrected, there are still those nachos. Incidentally, I too have also been faced with a plate of surprisingly bad, cold, fake-cheese-drenched nachos. It's not even the disgusting but awesome liquid orange "nacho cheese" you get at the fair. Boo!|0|0|1
RIzlH7t_wVhiTFklmYC1RA|UnzWUrnsG5MHhaJjJsES5A|1|went for my birthday dinner. sat us by the very loud kitchen. ordered the rack of lamb. was brought a lamb chop. 5 minutes later the waitress comes over to let us know it was a substitution. no really!  dessert was also substituted. ordered figs, got pears. service was very slow. two words: never again.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|eiGe9iqx1rv8iy5dnX3jWw|5|Anyone who gives this place less than 5 stars should be burned at the stake.I mean, c'mon. The assembly line? So economical and quick. Even better? I went there for a wrap a WHOLE YEAR LATER and the awesome dudes there still remembered what I liked to order. No hot sauce!|0|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|ge4xiFa_TesgDmgZLVzQFw|4|The servers here definitely earn Paragon a star.  I always get excellent service.  The food is generally good and a decent variety to appeal to all in the party.  Have had good sandwiches, burgers and some good pasta dishes (once - a disappointing baked pasta).  Menu seems to change periodically and I miss a few items, but generally find something new that is good too.Have also tried the brunch buffet. Overall, decent for a buffet and servers remain attentive despite the fact that it is a buffet. Layout always throws me as items are in two rooms, but there is lots to choose from and only a few items get dried out (skip the scrambled eggs and have them make you an omelet).|0|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|CZt7vQOdhR9AmgJKLSeqFg|4|Great beer and even better Food. This is the place where the Chef's of providence eat when they are not working in their restaurants. French Fries so good, that they'll make you forget that you made a new year's resolution to lose a few pound this year. The Burger is also a masterpiece, make sure you ask for it sunny, cause with out adding an egg your just being a cheap skate. Same goes for the Kimchee!|0|0|0
e3OqPQ6ayfhIXI04FXy3Ig|qYgokKt5XefyTpUzWywc1g|5|First off, let's say that I've tried a ton of yogurt places, including Yogurtland, Pinkberry, Red Mango, and a bunch of local places (Aroma Cafe in Santa Clara, CA), too. Juniper is hands down the best! First, I love how the yogurt is of top quality (tart, dense, not too sweet, not too icy). Even though many places have tart yogurt, it's always a bit too sweet, or not smooth enough. For the blueberry yogurt, it's pricier since they use REAL BLUEBERRIES in there. Toppings are more limited, maybe 10 fruit toppings & 15 others, but I'm happy with that since usually I stick to mango, kiwi, strawberries/ blueberries. It's not cheap! A small will cost around $5.xx or even more if you want more toppings. However, I was so happy when I found out this place that I had one every lunch, for a week straight, until I got a sore throat :-). The owners were always very nice and the smoothies looked delicious - I haven't got a chance to try Acai smoothie, though. I wish Juniper will expand their business and open other stores WHILE keeping the same quality!|0|0|0
A6dVeZf0ZKgOqKxB7y0F0w|3BxfmOZFBc4gxX6YWjQasg|1|Have frequented this place a few times. The veggie burger is decent. Sweet potato fries are okay. Normally this'd warrant 3 stars, but I have had it with the manager.I accompanied a friend last week to Better Burger. My friend, of Brazilian origin, noticed the cashier was also from Brazil and naturally began to speak Portuguese with him as she placed her order.  The manager quickly came over and said "that's enough of this, you can't speak anything other than English here."She pulled my friend aside and said "Look, I don't have anything against Spanish. You can speak whatever you'd like. But this is an American restaurant and as such, my employees must speak the official language. I can't have customers in line thinking my employees are talking about them in another language."I didn't know this kind of ignorance and cultural insensitivity existed outside of Fox News. I will not be returning.|2|2|0
87h9WI6h9cjNHxQd0FizBA|RepbaM5Opkimc95QNy8aPw|2|The exterior belies the blah booths inside the restaurant. It's really too bad and actually tales away from the experience. The Monte Cristo and the potatoes actually warrants closer to 3 maybe 4 stars but the cinnamon roll was dry and crunchy. Not gooey as advertised. The tea was fine and they offered soy milk. Service was fine too.Cost was about $30 for my friend and I. She had a scramble that looked fine with a muffin on the side. They charged $2.50 for her to have cheese in her scramble.|0|0|0
Wd9p_AlZTnN6pBHmT9YemQ|46Fj-TdPlZuTvhTnNEjA0Q|4|I've been to Jacky's Waterplace a few times and have mixed feelings but over gave a strong review.  The ambiance is over the top, fun, clean and 'spiffy'.  The sushi is good and I feel they should play that up a bit more ... I'm not a huge fan of the Chinese food.One of my experiences I went with a gang and the table had rave reviews, it just didn't do it for me. It seemed like normal 'ehhhh' Chinese food. The kind of Chinese you can have on your couch on a Sunday night, wearing PJs.  It didn't seem like the food fit the decor.I do give a lot of credit to the ambiance and service, which totally pulled a lot of weight in my 4-star review.|1|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|L6aatljylof5m-5dDJZPRA|5|I wish I lived in Providence just so i could go here once in a while. My boyfriend and I went here around 6 p.m. one day. He got a chai latte, and i order a lava lamp, which is some beer thing and it's really freaking good, and looks awesome too. Order it if you like beer. We also got the truffle fries and salmon purses. It was all delicious, the salmon was fresh, but the truffle fries weren't as good as chicago but still very truffl- y. and yes the place is as adorable as it looks in the pictures.so our very charismatic, and friendly waiter persuaded us to look at the cupcakes which i am weak for. i immediately chose the dark chocolate salted caramel one, and was shocked as bf ordered the chocolate pb one (he hates dessert, weird i know.) He and i both LOVED the cupcakes especially his PB one.the service here blew me away as well as the food, drink and dessert. Go hereee!!! it's awesome.|1|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|fMFUNmmtkzBlYS0Gk_FVdw|4|Good old American food, made creatively and well. Whether I've ordered sandwiches, soups or pizza, I've never been disappointed after deciding to come here!|0|0|0
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|eCK1nU14cJgKL3L-aJ9r-Q|2|OK, I've had better. Ordered several plates to share with friends, the usual suspects(egg rolls, general Tso, lo mein etc.). Food was tasty and hot and came out quickly. Drinks were superb! I agree with the other writers - gimicky. It was also very pricey about $50.00 per person. I think Galaxy is a much better bang for the buck.|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|jT1japLeFEucHwEaEmFf5g|4|best vegan pizza ever. really good vegan bbq and vegan buffalo chicken pizzas. great cheese too. just got slices, next time definitely have to get a whole pie.  kinda small interior. a few tables outside.|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|htdebpcgdfQZcMDykzJ0QQ|2|I was so excited for the renovation of Tazza, but aside from that....there's not much to be excited about. When you walk in, (i've been about 6 times) you are usually greeted (ignored) by a hostess who acts like you are interrupting her...doing nothing. she meanders over and shows you to your table. i could look past that...if the waiters were good and knowledgeable...but they're not! I've had to track them down for utensils, more drinks, the check...the list is endless. In their defense, I usually get one guy A LOT, who is just not a good server. He never knows the specials, has no personality, and always forgets everything!!! but...we can't blame the whole bad experience on him. I've gotten several things on the menu....many of which...sucked! My friend got hash with corned beef once...and it was FLAVORLESS. how that happened...i have no idea!!! he needed to add SALT!!! Unheard of. corned beef should never need MORE salt!!!Ok. other issues. It seems like the management is bad. just the vibe i get. and the barstools....around the communal table...OMG. worst seat in Providence!!!! They are way to small. I was there once for a work event...and at one point or another...everyone complained about how uncomfortable they were. They desperately need to replace those!!!Lastly....I get that they want to be a neighborhood place....but if it's too hot or humid...it's stupid to keep the doors open. It's been uncomfortably hot there 3 times that I've been.In a nutshell. Cool new design. Looks like it could be in NYC. But...aside from that (ok. and the dollar raw bar happy hour)...everything seems to be going wrong.|0|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|7x8B5lgzSZxmqMiQJzhx1A|4|Nothing cuts me to the core like a solid diner breakfast. Fluffy eggs, chewy bacon, crispy home fries. Brickway does all this in an arty space for cheap. We didn't have a wait Saturday a.m. because Providence does not wake up at 8 a.m. for brunch like D.C. does (whew). My blueberry pancake could have used more blueberry, possibly in the form of some of the blueberry syrup The Cracker Barrel gives you.|1|0|0
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|PqEMzxn_7OHpqpwr0bXYkA|2|Antonio's has a wide selection of neither too-thick nor too-thin crust pizzas available by the huge and cheap slice. The three cheese pizza is particularly nice, if a bit salty. However, the atmosphere leaves something to be desired: it's usually crowded, the stools are uncomfortable and just looking inside the bathroom makes you feel like you need a shower. It's really a toss-up between this place and Nice Slice across the street; I suggest eating at Nice Slice if you feel like sitting with your pizza for awhile and hitting up Antonio's for takeout. Or just go to Wickenden Street for a superior slice at Fellini's.|1|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|ylqULmksKDA__qlOIfv0nw|3|Three stars for me means "good, but not at the top of my list when I'm brainstorming places to eat".Last night four of us tromped over to Local 121.  Most of the food was very tasty - my burger with blue cheese was one of the best burgers I've ever had.  Two of my dining companions had bisque (lobster for one, butternut squash for the other), which they said was excellentGreat food and strong drinks notwithstanding, something about 121 felt....off.  The drink prices are high, as others have noted.  I asked for rosemary-lemon fries with my burger, but didn't end up with them (I was just served regular fries in the end).  The wait between courses was really long.  A classic gin and tonic was served in a wine glass with a standard straw, not a stirrer -- peculiar. The calamari was overly fried.  Also, a lot of dishes seemed to have pork fat in them that couldn't be removed (bases, stocks, cooking liquids for vegetables) -- it's frustrating when vegetarian dining companions only have a couple options.I know Local 121 is a favorite for many; I'm willing to give it a couple more tries.  But, when looking for a nice night out downtown, my first instinct will be to head to Gracie's or New Rivers.|0|0|0
kATS8uEAIQfeD66JypmgaQ|qG03Hm_lfWaivt6QWF3ybw|3|3 and 1/2 stars. Steak is very good, but most of the meals are too salty, like the ravioli, butter used, so we had to drink a lot of water. The side dishes vegetables are not refined as we used in excellent restaurants. Desert is not so good as expected. so it's OK only. Could be better if others items are as good as the steak served !|0|0|0
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|Kk4aOmIVvWrJ9RNKrYuYpw|4|If you love beer you will love this place!I came here for my first bar stop in Providence after a recommendation and I was very pleased.They have a huge selection of all different types of beer. It might be so big you will have a hard time deciding. Luckily me and my sister had a very attentive bartender that gave us recommendations upon hearing our preferences.I had some seasonal beers and an old speckled hen. All very delicious and rich. My sister is more of an IPA fan and she had plenty to choose from. She must have had 3 different types she never even heard of and loved all of them. I liked this place for those reasons alone. Any place that serves a nondiscriminatory list of beers that is reasonably priced is fine by me!|0|0|0
w3p6mz0m1b-jPm26weDabQ|ezJj-pxd6dWJ4C3MT3JTzQ|2|Eh.  Maybe I'm over homey cafes with broken chairs.  I've been to too many on Wickenden and I could just be doing the same thing in my kitchen.The service blew.  I mean it wasn't even busy on this Sunday morning and the waitress completely forgot about us, didn't even bring us our drinks and then seemed a little annoyed that we still wanted them after we were done eating.Eggs were good but not great,  Nothing I couldn't have done myself and not exactly warm by the time I got them.  I thought if this was a breakfast all day sort of place it would be un-freaking-believable, but it was pretty believable.  French toast got nothing on Meeting Street.Interesting smoothie and sandwich choices but I was on a breakfast-only mission.  Maybe I'll go again when I'm feeling lazy, but for the most part I could just make this stuff myself.|0|1|0
wfS1G5lrjx_SGWBuG2690g|seoDhKRxvNA6UmsOGFQt0Q|3|So I admit,  i didn't have extremely high hopes for Pot Au Feu due to my extreme trust in the judgment of my fellow Yelpers.  Turns out, a 3 star place indeed ended up being a 3 star night.  It's not that the food was bad, because it really wasn't.  It wasn't that the service was inattentive or unfriendly,  because the service for the most part was decent.  It's just that nothing about the place really was jaw dropping-ly awesome.  When the prices reach a certain level, I expect to be wowed and leave going: wholly crap that was so fricken good!  Instead I left Pot Au Feu feeling full but underwhelmed and cracking jokes about the weird staff.I initially really loved the place, the cool interior of brick and stone, the specials on the chalk board on the wall written in french, and the series of never ending wine bottles lining the walls.  I almost felt like I was back in Paris for a brief second.  That is, until we met our server assistants.  They were honestly very nice but just sort of...weird.  They asked us if we wanted more  bread about ninety times (after we had said we didn't want any more ninety times).  They couldn't understand when my friend wanted to keep his pate next to him on the table (he had a lot left and wanted to munch on it throughout the remainder of our evening).  It was all just a little bizarre, although it was well intentioned.  It just wasn't the kind of service you would expect from a pricey restaurant.  The food itself was good but just not great.  The blue fish pate wasn't bad but a little bit on the salty side.  The salmon was tasty and quite enjoyable.  It was marinated and garnished with mandarin oranges which gave it a sweet and tangy flavor.  It was all good but again, if it wasn't on restaurant week I wouldn't have though that it was worth the prices they were asking.  I really wish that I could give this place a better rating but with all of the other (better) french inspired restaurants in the area it is just not the best.|1|2|1
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|ShzrF7wOpa7CBYYou4F-Dw|2|The rating is because the vegan slices are great, (myself being a vegan and all..) BUT they fed my boyfriend and I REAL meat slices!  Not exactly great, knowing you ate cheese and chicken.. after 18 years of not eating that stuff.  Accidents can happen sure, so just make SURE they feed you what you actually asked for.  I can't stomach going back because it freaked me out, I did barf it all up in a parking lot after wards, but it's just ruined for me now.  Again, yummy vegan options, but just BE CAREFUL ordering because the hipster, too cool for schoolers, aren't the brightest bulbs in the box, they possibly are too busy looking disaffected and aloof to actually get your order right and not give you meat when you asked for vegan.|1|2|0
J4lY9l9LsKWBTa49cY0-mw|mGVtRSXn0iUcjyPwqSzn6A|2|I'll admit I'm completely baffled by the positive reviews of this place. We went on a weeknight and the place was about 1/3rd full. Where do we get seated? Right next to the waiters station. I now have a cacophony of  silverware jangling behind my head. Now you may ask "Why didn't you ask to be moved?" Because I'm not a restaurant operations manager, ostensibly they pay somebody to do that and that person hasn't  figured out how to optimize their seating. It's located in a strange spot as well. Totally baffling. Strike one. But surely the pizza will pull it out, right?We quickly order up some drinks and decide what pizzas we're going to have. The waiter was confused. I'm not sure why. When my beer came I took two huge sips and found either the lines weren't clean or the keg was at the end. I didn't send it back because I'd taken a substantial sip and I didn't want to be that guy. That's on me. I was still hoping the pizza would salvage this experience. Now onto the pizza. We got a Rocket and a Baby Bella. I was shocked at the sizes of them when they came out. They look a little larger than what I would call a personal pizza at about $16.50 and $17.50 respectively.  The weren't really evenly shaped and some parts of the crust were significantly thicker than others. The first bite was wildly underwhelming. The crust was bland and chewy. None of the signature 'snap' one would expect from well made pizza. It was shockingly heavy and dense. The shame of it is the quality of the ingredients was top notch. The mushrooms on the Baby Bella were the best I've ever had on a pizza. They were incredible. The cheese was top rate as well. Unfortunately it was on a poorly made, bland doughy pie. It was a brutally humid day and I'm wondering if that impacted the dough in some way to make such a terrible pizza. But then again, that isn't my problem. See, I may have those sorts of issues when I cook in my kitchen. As a pizza restaurant I expect you to have solved for this. Again, restaurant operations I don't want to deal with. Go at your own risk. For me bland chewy crust, high prices and below average service means I won't be returning.  It gets 2 stars vs 1 only because the quality of the ingredients was so good. Unfortunately it just didn't matter.|0|0|0
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|eom24ZxY4r_LWsPvSQNBxw|4|A little on the pricey side for what it is but I have never had less than excellent food or service so I really have nothing bad to say about it.|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|f-web7bQZZaCeY6GdJq43A|5|creative menu, often inspired by what's in season, and great atmosphere. i went last fall and had the  slow poached egg with pork belly and remember every bite! will be going back for sure.|1|0|0
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|gE-5s1PtmW5EDXoe3ClLBw|4|Antonio's never struck me as a take out place but it does sound like a very good idea. Thanks, Cherie M.!If you can imagine it on a pizza, it's here. I love the Mexican-style pizzas with avocado, black bean, taco beef, tomatoes and sour cream.I haven't tried a slice here that I don't like.|0|0|0
hh92MQDje3zsN1jXi6uRKQ|UCFtoQTdqueQpp_tGeLTZQ|5|I LOVE CHEESE BOY!! :)Everyone at the Providence location was so nice and helpful! They even offered me a menu which I appreciated because I am blind and cant see the big menu up above.I was also happy that they had a somewhat healthy option with wheat bread, low fat cheese, spinach and tomato...and it was good and flavorful!!! I will definitely be back for the not so healthy options soon!!! :) I imagine that it would make for great drunk munchie food|0|0|0
MXBuC9ys4RCJB9xPYYY8Lg|QM3MkHrcW1QrkBb2Lqh8IA|5|had the lobster chow fun about 6 years ago and still think about it|1|0|0
1M5pHJqGLL_-t74M37uQ0Q|1Z4q8zpCRuGZ0S7qmTcvQw|3|Ok... Based on last night, I want to give it 2 stars, but I'll go 3 because usually I have a good experience here, and the food was very good.Ok, so.... where do I start.  Walked in with a party of 7 at 9pm.  I called them earlier yesterday just to make sure i wasn't going to be the asshole that kept the kitchen open.  Few tables were still there, bar was still lively, so all was well.The food was great.  That is definitely not an issue and probably never will be.  The timing, service, and plating however, was.Side salad, served on a bread plate.  You take one bite and there is literally salad hanging off the plate.  Really?  Twin Oak's 900 year old black plastic bowls still work better than this.  Shame on whoever is on apps.  Idiot.Crab cakes.  Don't waste your time getting them.  I was appauled and embarrassed that the restaurant I chose decided to serve 2 half dollar sized "crab disks" to my aunt who has been traveling all day from out of state for thanksgiving.  Seriously I have never seen them that small before... the size of an oreo, all joking aside.Another order was the tenderloin salad.  That came out a solid 10-15 minutes before the rest of the entrees.  Hey dipshit, you know thats an entree right?And the prices are significantly higher than the last time I came.  Average price of all the dishes now are probably close to $25.  Before, from what i recall, this was the best place to get an awesome dish in the $18 to $20 range.  I had the pork rack with brussel sprouts, bacon lardones, pearl onions, tossed in the dijon cream sauce.  AMAZING.  Also had a bite of the parpadelle, which was very good, however a tad underseasoned in my opinion.  Had a bit of the Fall Squash risotto, another amazing dish.  The shrimp cocktail was cooked a tad too long, say... 45 minutes too long lol.   Ceasar salad was very good as well.I intend on coming back, but the service was seriously brutal.  If it was busy, I could cut a little slack, but jesus christ, how can you actually live with yourself being a waiter without the common sense that you are serving an entree salad and the remaining dishes weren't even fired yet?  Bad business right there, now is not the time to slip.  Step your game up, because last night was a reason to stay at Providence Prime or Zooma.  Sorry, but smarten your staff up, or whoever you think needs it.|0|0|0
LLMIzRMVcu_F7gwfdY_wSQ|BeJeIEpaLR_amvSQVrk_dQ|4|The place is very small but cute inside. Perfect for a date with your lovah. The boy and I came here solely for the oysters which were yummy and fresh. We got seated quickly but it took a while to get the food because the poor bartender was the only server in the place. We didnt mind though, he was friendly and apologetic about it all. I'd definitely come back.|0|0|0
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|yd6Bs-RRmD_0H1qYLV6twQ|1|I've been ordering delivery from Shanghai for years and it's always been okay; lately it's gotten terrible. The past three times I've ordered, I've had to wait for over an hour even though the quoted time was 30 minutes. Tonight, I ordered $30 worth of sushi. Not only did I have to call twice to check the status of my order, but it took almost 2 hours to be delivered and it was terrible. I couldn't even eat most of the order because it tasted as though it had been left out for a long time; very fishy and rotten tasting. Unless management makes some MAJOR improvements, I won't be doing business with Shanghai again.|1|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|FWlT0UXhmVIHxNfQ6A95Tw|3|I frequent Tortilla Flats for Mexican beers and hot salsa on the weekends, and recently had my first food experience there, which prompted me to write this review.As for a spot to have a few beers on a low key night or before heading into Providence, I strongly recommend. The hot salsa is good (though last time it tasted oddly smokey) and pairs well with my favorite Mexican beers, Modelo Especial and Pacifico. It is a fun and laid back vide, with hewn wooden tables and a decent sized bar that is usually full.As for the food, it was just ok. I went with the classic chimichangas, which were large but somewhat dry, and the accompanying guacamole was only decent. My family seemed to enjoy the food, but no one was really blown away. The food is not really authentic, more the faux Mexican with some Cajun dishes as well, so no real surprise it won't blow anyone's socks off.I'll be back for the chips, salsa, beer and vibe, but perhaps not for the food...|0|0|0
RIzlH7t_wVhiTFklmYC1RA|W3ulRZgER9kNf41QWJCZ_g|3|My friend and I both wonder if this is a place to go for small plates from the appetizer menu instead of ordering any entrees? She has been several times, and had inconsistent experiences with the meals, but I'm not her, so I'll limit the rest of this review to my one dinner:I tasted some of her squash soup and ordered a smoked bluefish salad. Both were outstanding. The breads they brought were yummy. I liked the wine list. But my entree -- lamb, I think, or possibly duck? Can't recall -- was just that. Nothing memorable. Everything else -- wait staff, decor, bar tend -- was great. So, the two stars I would give for my entree I raise to three for the great appetizers, quality of bread, service, and ambience.|0|0|0
OpI_3VA-qbYfyyS8_a-w6g|tSKGejZuR8E7OGLckX4-8Q|4|Smoothie I got was TOO SWEET (banana strawberry) and luckily I bought it for someone else anyways. But he threw it away, while I was out buying more shit... Their coffee is some of the CHEAPEST in the mall (hot tip from a Sephora sales girl) and you know what? For that price, it's the best. Really good cappucino.|1|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|YKgIk60u7BtJ8vUNtlaerg|2|Went here with slightly high expectations based on the ratings. I'll keep it simple;Service - poor. Is 'Disaffected" the work ethos of the under-30 generation? 10 minutes for the hostess to appear, 10 minutes for the waitress to show up once we were at the table. It wasn't that busy.Food - burgers (actually sliders)  were good, not great. Fries were standard frozen shoe-string style. I did like the onion strings, but the chipotle dipping sauce was terrible. It had a very unpleasant taste, completely outside of any heat the sauce had.Cleanliness - poor. Dirty floors; large dirty trash bin right behind our table; menus with schmutz on them; bartender handled several dirty glasses with his fingers inside to carry them while pulling a draught, then handled that fresh draught. I watch things and notice stuff like this - it sucks because I can't ignore it.Other thoughts: While I liked my sliders, I don't really like the whole slider concept. I'm a big boy so give me a big boy burger. I can handle it. The whole slider thing is annoying now, much like the cupcake craze. Enough already.Food served in plastic baskets sucks. Give me a goddamn plate! I'm not into kitsch, I'm not into whatever hipster vibe this represents. I want real food served with some respect for me, the diner. Put some effort into making me feel like you value my business.Harry's has good beer, a lot of potential, but too many minuses. I am not a fan.|0|1|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|fEE8FCSllkn7y9MVYXbddA|1|If you're looking for a good eat then the Red Fez should definitely be avoided. One can easily be fooled by the artsy/laid back atmosphere, as if you had just walked into a friend's loft on the East Side of  Providence, expecting the welcome/service you would get from such a friend. However, I ordered the "much talked about" grilled cheese w/BACON and instead was surprised (not so pleasantly) by a warm, buttery, grilled cheese with...not bacon but TOMATOES.  I, being an ex-waitress, know what it is like to be blamed for something the chef may have screwed up, had she come to check-in to see if everything was ok within a few minutes I wouldn't have been so annoyed.   FIVE minutes later, she decides to stop reading whatever it was she was enthralled with, and finally came to my table to see if there was anything else I needed. It was then that I casually reminded her that I had ordered a grilled cheese with bacon and instead got tomatoes, but that it was no big deal, I just wanted a side of mustard.  She abruptly took the plate from me with my un-bitten sandwich and rushed to the kitchen.  Being from the food industry, I already saw the writing on the wall.... and sure enough, though I was hoping they would prove me  wrong ...they didn't . A few minutes later she came back with a plate that clearly had  that same sandwich reheated with not only the bacon they had 'kindly" added but it also it still had the original tomatoes, which was the complaint in the first place.  One thing that was not the same, was that it lacked the buttery texture that it originally had, instead the sandwich was now hard as a rock. Everyone knows a grilled cheese is not meant to be re-heated. I would have been less offended had she come back with a side of bacon for me to place on myself and would have gladly picked the tomatoes off the sandwich, had it been a brand new sandwich!  My issue is: the health hazard of re-serving food that had already been served to me once, and re-heated as if I wouldn't notice.  AND had she apologized the 1st or 2nd time, and/or offered me a discount due to their mistake I probably wouldn't have accepted it because of my background in the food industry and knowledge that mistakes happen, I just would have been less insulted and not as angry as I now am. She not only didnt do any of these, (which are common knowledge/basic customer service skills) she then had the nerve to ask me if I wanted my food wrapped, after she had been pacing the floor,and casually looking over at my table and clearly noticing I had not touched one crumb!  Still not one apology, but worse, I got charged the full 9 bucks for that same sandwich, that was served to me not once but twice. I had to restrain myself from 1.) not making a scene and 2.) from not writing $0.00 on the tip line. I instead, took the higher road and showed my customer courtesy and left her the "expected' 15+% tip she clearly did not earn, as it is known in the restaurant world that your tip should be a reflection of  your service.***The Red Fez should be avoided if your intention is to have an edible meal. If you choose to take your chances and go there to eat at least do yourself a favor and spare yourself a run in with the rude waitress with the short blonde hair.|3|2|2
04ZBAOo6ffXkhSICqngaIQ|IcdxwCBX6rNHwlcFJEVVtQ|4|I love Tealuxe for one reason alone: it's for tea drinkers! That's me. They have every kind of tea you would ever want, and all the correct accoutrements for that tea of your dreams. You can sit whilst your cuppa steeps, watch the hustle bustle of College Hill and remember to way back in the day when you were one of the hustle-bustlers, and revel even more in your perfectly pleasant pot of tea. The space is clean, the service efficient and the tea is lovely. Know what else I adore? I can leave without wreaking of coffee. How refreshing!|4|1|3
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|YoH6pGryMKVAbHK-9AzyrA|5|This is my first review and I'm happy to be commenting about East Side Pockets! I was introduced to this place, because my wife went to Brown and we come here for events and visiting friends. She's been coming here for over a decade and the folks who own/work there still remember her. It's nice having a connection like this with your local eateries and shops.I've had many falafel wraps/pockets over the years and ESP's are the very best I've ever had!! There was one other falafel wrap that I won't forget and that was at the Oswego Music Festival at this temporary truck restaurant thing. The fact that I can come back to ESP whenever I want to make the drive down here from Boston is a very special treat.Perfectly moist falafel, day-fresh pita bread and their amazing  sweet hot sauce all make this a winner. The fact that they put pickles, banana peppers and their tahini and cucumber sauce doesn't put me up in the stratosphere either. No, really it does. ;-)In general, East Side Pockets is a slice of Heaven! Keep rockin' it guys!|0|0|0
Wd9p_AlZTnN6pBHmT9YemQ|PdkTp8pdM_vOBsFruLmsnQ|5|Saturday night and the place was full but service was excellent.  Food was outstanding! My husband and I love new food experiences and this was our first time at Jackie's and we both loved it. We ordered one maki roll to share ( the Hawaiian- yummy) and then another ( the volcano - even better) and then a third appetizer to share, the stuffed squid which was outstanding and unlike any other squid dish I have ever had. Then we ordered the scallop entree, again to share. This scallop dish was terrific, 8 scallops on the plate,  4 in a teriyaki sauce with sauted onions and 4 in a spicier sauce - wonderful combo!  We thought we were done but then my husband wanted to try the calamari appetizer.  Again, new and different and delicious. Enough right? No,  we split the chocolate mousse cake - no cake, just a layer of white chocolate mousse and a layer of dark chocolate mousse - superb!  By the way, Lycee Martini is a new twist that I will be back for!  We were not rushed by the staff, we were there for a wonderfully leisure 2 hours (see the above food consumed!) and the waiter was attentive throughout!  We will be regulars!|0|0|0
SebzGPx68D3cMaLcoHSfUA|9EWFblLiRtv5nEbvFEuM8Q|4|We came here for an out of office meeting. Just a few colleagues enjoyed tea, coffee, and their fabulous couches. I'm all about supporting the local shops so Sherri's is definitely a great option!|0|0|0
aGI4Y4bFjYOthrc3sVBa8g|4TCOItk-gIJROyNA5ftZ-Q|4|Two reasons I'm rating this place 4 stars: 1. Owner has a warm heart. This past summer I wandered in b/c I was desperate for ice cream. I ordered a small and out came an enormous portion of standard soft serve that was so large i was surprised it didn't plop off the cone. I asked him how big the large was, and he laughed and non-answered "I just want to make people happy." 2. Allie's donuts. Confirmed, he really does want to keep people happy. Awwww!|0|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|g1ocQDD0uOeWHaolG6YlFw|1|Fire and Ice has to be understood in a historical context if you are to appreciate this establishment. At one point, shortly after the Providence Place Mall was built, this joint exemplified a kind of optimism for the future of RI as an arty mecca. This restaurant, so offbeat and curious, seemed like it was going to be amazing just because it was new and weird. I will probably never stop going back to Fire and Ice, just because of what it is as a cultural landmark, but be forewarned: this place is terrible.In fact, I don't think there has ever been a time I came here and didn't vomit. The food is not well kept, nor well cooked, and the system for actually getting your sauce-sopped amalgam of noodles and meat is ever changing and borders on the byzantine. Let's be honest; the food here just isn't good. If the meal is enjoyed at all, it is only because of novelty. But, you may enjoy your meal, as I do, every time you eat here. If you even more like me, you will have another chance to savor your meal as you hurriedly evacuate it from your insides into a trash can inside the mall. So come ye, to Fire and Ice, if you are a nostalgic RI native with strong intestinal fortitude. If not, you might want to skip it.|1|3|2
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|mjkqYTie6toPuX5M-nx4Fw|4|Okay come on guys. Who doesn't like Antonio's?? It's a college town STAPLE and never ceases to serve up a quality specialty pizza at super affordable prices. Even the pizza guys behind the counter are SUPER quick, amazingly nice, and really great listeners. You shout out an order and think they didn't hear but before you know it, the slice is being served up hot at the cash register.Sure, you could go to Nice Slice or Fellini's for something comparable, but you can't beat Antonio in the price, style, and regular-joe friendly atmosphere.If given the option, I'll always be defaulting to Antonio's.Get the tomato basil mozerella slice. They take all the basil off before they cook it and put the basil back on before they serve it. Locks in the raw basil freshness and keeps the nutrients thick in the leaf.  Enough said.|0|0|0
uJA6Perynk-drhKfX5Fh4w|cEL8uhpZNDUJQ8f5HFs96Q|5|so my RI friends took me here, and let me just say this place is what a 50's diner is exactly suppose to be like, its amazingly awesome.you gotta order something completely badass old fashioned their root beer float is soo good. and they got lil mini jukeboxes on the tables and counters. and they put nickels in front of all of them, are americans that poor, that we can't even afford to place our own nickels in them haha. they got some good selection of music. o and i was told that the staff has to pretend that its the 50's so if you ask them questions like who's the president they gotta answer as if it were the 50's :)|0|0|0
8VMY2s1dHASw_CGYJeYSZw|CzfrFHwKt6_QuNjv39qbBQ|3|Service was amazing!!! Atmosphere was very nice for a date scenario. Sadly food was way way way below expectations compared to pre-noir xo-cafe.. maybe due to different chef. Ethier way will be back for espresso martini night (aka being my girlfriend's idea. i am the Driver LOL) bartenders very friendly and quick.|0|0|0
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|k8vhKPvVgKa4M7UkQYwg-w|4|Dark basement bar with tons of beers to choose from.  I tried a few I'd never heard of before and was pleasantly surprised!  This place has some character too - rounded red leather couch in back with a pool table.  Neat place to hang out!  Don't know about the food - just drank here.  But I give it a thumbs up!|1|0|0
uJA6Perynk-drhKfX5Fh4w|IhmBr-yHC8xLjdnoq7O37w|2|Um. I like the music?The burgers are decent, but barely a notch above McDonalds or Burger King in my opinion (and I'm being kind, because I think I prefer Burger King) but the fries and onion rings are good as well as the milk shakes.Service is super slow though and the tables are hardly ever clean.|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|CMdFQ0y0zvzBS2x6tjZcWA|4|I like the low lit casual atmosphere of this little spot with the faint tunes of East Indian music playing in the background.  Everything was excellent including the service.  I also had the pleasure of having a Providence IPA (Tri City).The ingredients taste so fresh, and they give you the opportunity to salt your own food.  There are three dipping sauces: one kind of sweet, a red spicy onion concoction and mint chutney.   The lentil soup is a puree bursting with flavors.  The pakora (cauliflower, potatoes, onion, spinach and chickpeas crispy fried) is great with the dipping sauces.When I return to RI, I wouldn't mind returning here.  yum yum yum|1|0|0
uaPEPXxiEf8rNFbzFyy3Cw|Qn49RX3JRzvsSeM6svOKqw|3|Don't expect much and you will sometimes be pleasantly surprised. Make sure you always get the corn salsa and peppers in addition to everything else so your burrito or belly has flavor, and you will be in the clear. Good, Convenient, Priced well. Easy lunch choice.|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|5GFGyQzu03HZgbjBheNDdg|4|Hey manybe it;s me? I am a Dog! and will eat almost anything. I found this place the be delightful! I ordered the veal tips, The Injera, I found to be tasty with the veal, loved the fact I could eat with my paws. The veggies were seasoned just right. Super awesome. The waiter and staff were extremely polite. We found it to be very reasonable cost wise. I would definately stop in again!|0|0|0
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|1uwyvFD8BK1BVMmCyCyXBg|3|Big slices. Creative pizzas. Open late night. Convenient location to Brown. What's not to love?|1|0|0
e3OqPQ6ayfhIXI04FXy3Ig|VZUHcHoSYtn8mKq31hAM-g|3|Juniper could use a bit more in decor/atmosphere. I had a bit of a communication problem, I asked for a taste of the blueberry---and it was was great! Then I ordered a blueberry and I realized that what they had given me a taste of was actually  something different. I saw that someone else also had a communication issue---make sure that you talk loudly and clearly---from my experience definitely ask if you're not sure. It's definitely overpriced, it's a toss up between juniper and fro yo world. I don't think ever are terribly good but I could see alternating between the two.|0|0|0
rblZR9xtCUgwjE19AU2y8w|bTlde--3_9wUWEJAv-LmYA|5|Great food.  Lots of vegitarian options as to be expected for Indian cuisine.  The staff is very knowledgeable and actually prepare the food fresh which is a rarity for most options in a food court.|0|0|0
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|-79JpP-2xtztpWQv5mNYXQ|1|I have been putting this review off for awhile, b/c it pains me to write it, as I believe it sums up the overall failure of restaurants in providence to really live up to the status of "fine dining." if this is the best the city has to offer (its amateur hour all day, everyday), I find it very sad that locals dont demand more for their money. Made reservations for an important birthday dinner here (my own, ahem) two weeks in advance for a party of 4. we arrive a few minutes early. there is a table of about 15 there already that is also being seated. ok, fine.from there, the experience spirals into extreme disappointment.we order our apps of oysters. just oysters and drinks, nothing that would merit a laborious preparation. fine. we wait. and wait.... and wait.... note to the staff here: you have a HUGE party and a small party. the huge party is obviously not in a hurry as may be indicated by their sheer number it is a social dinner. the other single party of 4 should NEVER have to wait for all 82398497892 other people  in the large party to be served first. this makes no sense whatsoever and it never happens at other restaurants with comparable price points (at least not without warning, explanation, or comps of some kind). if you cant handle the volume, HIRE MORE STAFF or dont book the reservation in the first place. we were patient for the first half hour, but then we asked repeatedly what was taking so long. "soon, soon, soon..." ok so AN HOUR AND 15 MINUTES LATER, our oysters arrive. *sigh* fine ok ok. in the meantime we had put in our order for our entrees. we were asking questions about the entrees and tried to order more drinks, and here's the ass kicker: THE WAITER WALKED AWAY WHILE WE TRIED TO ORDER MORE DRINKS. walked-a-fucking-way. I tried to surpress my "how dare you" since I was in good company, but you do NOT disrespect the people who are paying your undeserved tip when they are trying to order drinks. walk away from me? bitch, you are lucky I was feeling generous, b/c I would have stiffed your ass a tip for that alone. nevertheless, we were all smiles, my company was graceful enough to feign patience for my benefit, but I could tell they were offended.another 45 minutes after our oysters we inquired again about our main course. it took another full hour for them to arrive. now, if the food had been OMG spectacular earth-shattering mouthgasm inducing delicious, all would have been forgiven. I ordered my filet european rare (basically cold, still moo-ing, etc.) so I was pleased. but I only found out the day AFTER (again, my dinner companions were too polite to mention at the time) that all the other entrees were COLD. to spend upwards of $500 for cold food? ignored and disrespected by the waitstaff? mortified from the embarrassment that I was responsible for selecting a place that caused my companions to suffer through such a drawn-out and ultimately unenjoyable meal? absolutely UNFORGIVABLE. no apologies were given, nor explanation, and nothing was comped. not even the exceptional bread pudding could save this place from the one star review.again, my experience here was so bad, I would never risk embarrassment by bringing anyone here EVER AGAIN. sadly, this exemplifies why providence is not currently a true player on the scene for fine dining in the northeast (even though we really SHOULD be, with all the resources, charisma and talent we have!) just think, would you ever be served cold food or ignored by waitstaff at a barbara lynch restaurant? I think not. for any TRUE experienced foodie, this place just reeks of amateur.  that  "rhode islanders are not cultured/ dont know any better" posturing as an excuse to be lazy and sloppy in both execution and service is completely unfounded and unacceptable. there simply aren't enough alternatives for fine dining in providence so we are forced to settle for what there is. sad...Mr. D'Oliveria might want to consider taking some tips from Lynch to see how the REAL pros do it and step up his game. the people of providence deserve better than this!|8|1|2
mdqwn32B4RVJI8_MQLXXHg|JruCYDfPzQ6T6wdd-a_VUw|5|I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!First off, I am a huge fan of fro yo.  Especially fro yo that tastes like yogurt.  I'm totally psyched when I can get a very tart fro yo with amazing, fresh toppings.  Yes, it is expensive, but it's  a fun treat that literally becomes an addiction.  I need very little coercion to go here- if anything I have to be persuaded not to drive all the way over Thayer.|0|0|0
JUC2w_byPiyEbXrufEik-w|B50Kh_Yw_SbHdqtqRY2HGw|4|10/24/07: Phonatic seems to be taking advantage of their popularity now and has raised the prices of their pho: I believe it's now around $5.75 for a small (which was the price of a large before?) and $6.25 for a large. I could deal with that, but at the same time they're giving you even less pho than they used to. An extra-large gets about the same amount of noodle as the old large did, and the nice cilantro-scallion-onion greenery on top of the soup has been reduced to literally a few flecks and maybe 3 or 4 chunks of green onion. A one star deduction for now, Phonatic. :(------------------Ah, Phonatic. I have been to Phonatic more times than I can count (1-4 times a week, seriously) and I have always left full and satisfied. I don't crave pho like this when I'm home, so I'm not quite sure what it is about Phonatic that makes me obsessively go back (drugs in the soup?). Perhaps it's because Phonatic is the only decent, affordable Asian restaurant on College Hill...I've never tasted authentic Vietnamese pho, so to someone who has, you might not like it. But for the rest of us, it'll probably taste just fine. I haven't had Pho Hoa in a long time, but it tastes about the same to me. I almost always get #29 (formerly #27), the pho with rare steak. Don't be intimidated by the "rare" part; the meat is put in your bowl raw, but the pieces are thin and the soup cooks it by the time it reaches you. The typical plate of bean sprouts, basil, peppers, and limes comes separately. They've also been nice about giving me extra limes when I ask. The pho comes in small or large, but you can request to order it extra-large. If the waiter gets confused, order it as a Pho Phonatic (#25) with only steak, or whatever you want in it. The pho is not as appetizing to go, however, since the raw meat is packaged along with the noodles and even though the soups cooks it all in the end, most are put off by the sight of bloody noodles.Another favorite of mine is #40 (formerly #38), vermicelli with grilled pork and crispy spring rolls. Every person I have forced to order #40 has loved it. It's a big, filling bowl of plain rice vermicelli, veggies, grilled pork, and spring rolls, and comes along with a small bowl of tangy sauce that you pour on top. The pork is always tender, and they give you a pretty good amount. You can also substitute fresh spring rolls for the crispy ones if you specify, and then you'll also get a thing of peanut sauce for the spring rolls.Normally I only get #29 or #40 along with #2 (fresh spring rolls) and B5, the fresh lemonade. When I'm feeling under the weather, though, I get #33, the chicken noodle soup (pretty much just pho with chicken strips). I always feel better afterwards, so I like to credit #33 for it. I've also tried this dish that was essentially do-it-yourself spring rolls. You get a plate of dried spring roll wrappers, a bowl of water to soften them in, and a plate of seasoned vermicelli, veggies, and shrimp to stuff your rolls with. It took me most of my rolls to get the hang of it, but it was tasty.One other dish that I liked was #54, salted fish with fried rice. For those of you who have eaten Chinese xian yu ji li cao fan, it's pretty much just like that but without the chicken.I think the one thing that I wasn't too happy with was their pad thai. You're probably better off going down the street to Spice Cafe if you want pad thai. Their pearl milk tea/boba/bubble tea is okay...better than Tealuxe's, definitely, but I have yet to find a decent pmt place in RI.As for seating and service, I haven't had any problems with either. There will always be seating, unless you come on a busy night with a very large group and all the big tables happen to be full. The waiters and waitresses are nice, although they sometimes have trouble with English. They used to be more lenient about splitting bills onto seperate checks for the people who pay with credit card, but not any more. That's partly my fault, because I regularly go with a group of almost 20 people, and splitting a bill that many ways has got to be a headache for them. Bank of America is across the street and Sovereign is around the corner, so it's super easy to just run out to the ATM.Phonatic is the one thing that I will willingly go to up the hill for from downtown Providence without complaint. So if you have competent chopstick skills and aren't afraid of handling slippery noodles, go and give Phonatic a try! NOW.|2|0|0
Dn-6ZmMqHW_ATU1I-nrNjw|L7oc7kuHwoUMol_exqZ-cQ|5|Best steak diane I've ever had.  The table side flamb is awesome and if you want it done right, by the best guy in the business, you have to ask for Gino.  Old school playa, been doing it right for years!  And the fresh pasta and fettucini alfredo they make table side is unreal.  The beef stroganoff is also amazing with the egg noodles they make right there.  It's certainly a bit pricy, but worth every penny if you want truly fantastic Italian.  It's very cozy and dimly lit in the subterranean dining area.  The back bar is nice too, and the piano player is nice touch.|0|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|i-yZkA0iJ3hYHAbcwCuv5Q|4|The Red Fez is a favorite of mine. Everything my fiance and I have eaten there has been fantastic. The macaroni and cheese, the grilled cheese, the black bean and goat cheese quesadilla, and the "eleventeen" chicken wings are amazing. Two reason this place is getting four stars instead of five. First is because the eleventeen chicken wings have been taken off the menu. Even though my fiance and I have since stopped eating meat, we always recommended the wings to our meat eating friends. Also the bar upstairs is way too dark. I can understand setting the mood, but when I can't even see the food in front of me, that's where it becomes a problem.I prefer going there during the week instead of the weekend because i gets packed pretty fast and I just want to sit and enjoy my food in peace.|1|0|2
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|w0yV8aE6ROzWixLOpu1njg|5|Goths and Crepes.  You can't lose.  We've come here for lunch, for dinner, for latenight snack, with friends, with our kid, by ourselves, and we've sent friends here without us.  We've never had a bad experience or a bad crepe.  I like the apple and brie, or the spinach, brie, and cranberry.  My husband likes the banana and nutella and the one with the basil and fresh mozzarella.  My two-year-old son loves whatever you feed him and was very happy to eat crepes.I also like the homemade lemonade, but be careful to ask for a small taste before you order it.  Sometimes it's too sour.I have never had a bad experience with the staff.|0|0|1
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|pivb4evbwCxbPZW8PMqEqQ|4|I first came here three years ago on one of my initial trips out as a new Providence resident. I still drool at the memory of their homemade mac and cheese with the Ritz cracker crust. Dang. So delicious. Low key, hidden, magical, The Fez is a fuzzy buzzy dream. Sit upstairs if you can. Hiding in a corner, people-watching in the dim ambiance, squinting across the wooden table at your fellow diners, zoning out on the festive lighting... ohhhhh yeah.|1|0|2
AKfHinPZ5vdPdHRzpvSWtw|d7AQxbg7eXehndDVLFSnrQ|4|Best seaweed salad ever.|0|0|0
IL96KSxK3ov1m-1WQV8MLQ|46Yv-Uy6Z3mJdPlFDOmVyA|4|The first few weeks were a little bumpy - the staff was clearly still trying to figure out pars, so they were out of a few things just about every visit. After a few months in business, most of that has been worked out, and I am definitely enjoying Small Point =)They brew up New Harvest, so it's the same coffee that you'll find at White Electric, Seven Stars, and lots of other coffee places around the city. They have a few unique things that really made me take notice of this little place.They are super green! Instead of coffee stirrers, they have dry linguini to stir your beverage - so creative! The compost a good amount of their waste products. They also have a grand selection of plants for sale. All the plants on the tables are for purchase, so if you grow attached, you can bring it on home with you!There are a couple of comfy couches, free wifi, and because it's in one of the old buildings, big high ceilings. The space feels so light and airy, making it a great spot to get some work done, or to have a relaxing cup of coffee with a friend.My two favorite things about Small Point?1. The restrooms! They are super clean and all the fixtures are incorporated into little robot murals. So. AWESOME.2. The location. There are a few coffee shops with walking distance from my work, but one I'm not a huge fan of and the other is always swarmed. This is pleasantly, but tolerably busy, and I just love the walk down to Westminster Street. In the psat few years, this street has been going through something of a renaissance, and I am thoroughly enjoying every change and addition - especially Small Point Cafe.|1|0|0
ILLYK1PwY2F5c__Dhycopw|h6Qr_uN7F43mSMLoLuOPRA|4|Went with the wife and college aged kids last night  OK the steaks are great.  The service is great.  Why did they take the Key Lime pie off the menu?   That was the best dessert item.Calamari was not up to par.We will be back though.|1|0|0
mdqwn32B4RVJI8_MQLXXHg|RWNJrfBf5l6lnoFWqAm5pQ|3|A friend of ours had recommended this, it was hot, and I had some time to kill with my daughter, so we popped in. Why have kids if you can't use them as an excuse for a treat?What I did like? They have quite a few flavours, including a couple tart ones. The cranberry hibiscus was delicious. I presume you could also do a twist of two from the same machine if you wanted to. They had a decent selection of fruit, including my daughter's much favoured mango bits. The sizes were perfect; no trying to chop them smaller with the flimsy plastic spoon. From a quick scan, they did have a good selection of traditional and novel toppings, including mochi and cereal. I'm neutral on the size of the cups. They really only have large and extra-large. I wish they had more of a small size. The ounces had up really fast. I'd also love to see a scale so you have a better idea of how deep a hole you're digging yourself.Here's why I gave it three stars. Though the yoghurt was great, seating is limited and bar-style-not terribly family friendly. We sat on the bench in the back corner. The other reason this isn't 4 star? Two words: fruit flies. And a lot of them. I know it's summer, I know we live in New England and we all like to have doors open, but I don't want to glance at the window and see a bunch of little black bugs or have to shoo them away from my froyo.I'm on the fence if I'll go back. Juniper up the street is comparable, pricewise, and I haven't had a bug issue there. Maybe we'll chance it again if the door's closed.|1|1|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|NJf57S72FLF3alXPFd7PjA|4|So I guess most of you Yelpers come here for brunch? You're missing out.Not that there's anything wrong with brunch, mind you. It's just that the Olga's you experience on a Saturday or Sunday morning is not MY Olga's, i.e. not the one I go to a minimum of twice a week...every week.I didn't mean to turn into a regular, but somehow it just happened. Now I talk to everyone there...sometimes. Hey, sometimes the staff just isn't in the mood to talk to you, or me for that matter. I don't take it personally. I don't see it as their job to entertain me; it's their job to give me my food, and I'm cool with that. Oh, and that food. I've been going to Olga's for years, and it just gets better and better. I'm mostly talking about lunch, mind you: the teriyaki salmon salad. Those divine pizzas with combinations like goat cheese/mushroom/rosemary (my personal fave) or the one I had today, which was ancho chicken and pepper jack cheese. And then there's their iced coffee. People, they provide COFFEE SYRUP for said iced coffee. This is a fairly unprecedented thing in a state that supposedly considers said syrup to be the divine nectar of the gods.The only reason I don't give Olga's five stars are for all the little annoyances about it I've accumulated over the years, like the way the sound of screaming children echoes around the room, or the times where they've forgotten to give me my food for forty minutes. But really,  you add the garden and it'd be more like four and a half stars, or maybe even 4.75 stars, which Yelp won't let me do. In short, go to Olga's. Try and go before the lunch rush so you can experience the food without the fuss. Just don't go too often - I don't want you taking my table.|1|1|1
9H1o-FdVnFrwKDDqTB5oBA|7WqNxR0nze_BooVKuIJ6xQ|2|For a burger joint, one would think they had mastered their one and only product, which is a burger. This is not the case at Ugly American. I would rate their burger skills on par with myself, which is to say "not good".I've eaten here twice and while the first time was more enjoyable, the second time left a lot (everything) to be desired.I took my wife after talking about the good burger I had had the previous time I visited with a friend. I ordered a cowboy burger (bacon/onion rings) and she got the veggie burger. Mine came out first and as I bit into it, I realized the burger was very nearly not-cooked: I actually stuck my finger in it to see if it was warm! My request for "medium rare" had turned into "bloody carnage".My wife's veggie burger was a bean-filled pasty mess. She took a few bites, looked at me with a look of "How did I marry this man?" and sat quietly.  If our marriage fails, it will obviously be because of this veggie burger. I took a bite myself, it was lacking one key ingredient: flavor.Our tray of mixed regular and sweet potato fries were okay.. nothing to write home about. Also, bring your jacket. It's fucking cold in there.|1|1|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|JauUrzrWq6FE55BwC-b7Aw|3|I went here a few weeks ago for lunch. All I have to really say is that it is decent Indian food. Maybe I didn't order the best things on the menu (a vegetable korma and a chicken dish), but I found that it was nothing to do a backflip about. However, if you had an urgent craving for curry, naan and basmati rice and this place would do. The entree portion sizes are pretty small, but then again that's understandable because they want to keep their prices low. A plus is that their naan came out warm and fluffy just how i like it.|0|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|4pMDH_E2pw23ImawtLIWgg|5|Great place for a beer and food. The atmosphere has perfect low yellow lighting. It is darker then other bars, but not too dark that you can't see someone in front of you. Same goes for the upstairs. As for the layout, from the entry way, the main floor is lined with booths on the left side with a round booth near the front window, to the right is a small but good sized bar. In the middle, is a long table lined with bar stools on both sides. I think this is great if you're with friends and can talk to all of them without having to yell across the bar since everyone can sit facing each other. Upstairs has another bar and bar tables. At the far side, are your standard rectangular tables and bench seating on one side and individual chairs opposite. This place deserves to have their layout described in detail since not many bars have a combination of great ambiance and layout. Did I mention the food was also good here too? I came here for New Year's Eve with a friend and we shared mussels and one of the best burgers I've tasted anywhere - their beef and chourico patties. Simply amazing! I would definitely recommend coming her and soak up the ambiance, food and of course beer! All your senses will thank you.|1|1|1
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|YI1PvidzrJb16SX3uc0o4w|4|Went there for a party and they were accomodating.  I know people say it's a funny layout but we were on the second floor in a back room and it was great.  There is not a lot of overhead noise so you can actually carry on conversations without yelling and if you're bored with your friends you can go to the rest room and watch a movie on the flat screen.  Regarding food---i got MOAB and my husband got the pulled pork on burger and we split the sliders .  While at first i wasn't a fan of the slider thing i will say that it's plus for those who like to split or always want what the other person is having.  Both burgers were great and tasty.  Fries are 'ehhh'  so so.  THey were good to have on hand but wouldn't give a two thumbs up.  The onion strings are just that but essentially delicious vehicles to carry oil and are easy to enjoy. I also split the hot dog and just got it plain with the condiments on the side although you can get it with anything that you would put on a burger.  Last--the beer selection is AWESOME......can't say enough and if you start at the bar the bartender will give you a taste if you're unsure.    The utensils were plastic but you don't need them except to eat the irish brownies dessert which was also pretty good.  Overall it was it a great dining experience at a burger joint. If you're looking for upscale this is not that kind of place but it's good food at decent prices.|0|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|-ryR1I_LLwOqQ4cStlxbvQ|4|I'm giving it a four because I hate the upstairs. Sorry, I just do. Way too trendy for me. If I wear one thing I am treated a certain way, if I dress another way I am treated more like I "fit in." Not a fan of being judged. BUT!!! The downstairs restaurant is great! Well, I haven't eaten there yet. I have been there a few times for drinks and I really enjoyed it. Very peaceful, but not boring and drinks are reasonably priced. For me the downstairs saves this place. Otherwise If I'm feeling nice I might give them a two star rating.|0|0|0
awYanXZG7hC2iutP2E9bKA|UYr1ggT6WLYDghC-2tpzwg|2|I waited in line for a bit even though there were two girls one of which could have took my order but choose to talk to another patrons child instead. This location is in downtown oh excuse me "downcity" and therefore has no drive through so don't expect one. They took my order and dI didn't have to repeat. Coffee was mediocre even for DD. They made my coffee really light. Totally drinkable though do not get me wrong. Caffine is caffine and this place works fine. If you want to try real iced coffee in that area hit up Cafe La France in the Turks Head building. Man I should review that place huh?|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|viP_WzgLV9OYhYUE--5O9g|4|Ordered take-out from here both times. Prices are very good, if not odd. (Some items are $2.17 or $4.31, for an example) Regardless, the wait is always very brief for the amount of people that are there, and the food is delicious. If calling in an order, expect a bit of difficulty as there is a bit of a language barrier. I tried asking for "light sauce" on a sandwich and it took a few tries before we could understand each other. Besides this small thing, the food is delicious, especially the pita chips and the gyros. Highly recommended!|0|0|0
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|F6MPrQ5oxQL2Wq1v5ENDzA|1|Hilary, I agree with you 100%.....the only good thing about the Cellar is the extensive beer selection...but the food is Horrible.    We used to play trivia there often and many times, we would WIN, so we got gift certificates for our next visit....the one thing that I found partially edible was the Fish and Chips...otherwise anything else was just So Bad...I decided to stop going to trivia there since the prize was more of a punishment than a prize !!   LOL !!!|0|1|0
J4lY9l9LsKWBTa49cY0-mw|gVIP8yFneCtxf_6cyih_UA|5|Ok, as promised I am updating my review now that I have had a chance to eat in the restaurant.  It was fantastic!  We started with the arugula salad, which was fresh and very tasty.  The white balsamic dressing was just so-so for me.  Not enough kick for balsamic, and I use white balsamic all the time so I was excited. Otherwise the salad was spot on.  Next we had an order of wings.  SO GOOD!  Salty, flavorful, not greasy and just really, really good and different.  That is what sold hubby.  Of course we had pizza as well and it was great.  My husband and I have VERY different pizza tastes and I was surprised how much he was ok with this pizza.  He liked the end pieces which tended to have doughier parts while I went for the inside pieces which had less crust.  It was a match made in heaven.  The ingredients were fresh and it was tasty!  We look forward to going back and trying more.The ambiance is nice - casual yet still upscale.  Service was good, and the drink menu was decent.  Hubs thought his red wine had definitely been open for a few days, but drank it anyway.  It's not a cheap night out for pizza, but it will likely be our go-to place and think it would be great for a group.  Valet parking was a HUGE bonus and will also entice me to consider takeout more, since I'm sure valet could watch my car while I run in to grab a to-go order.  That will certainly increase how often we'll eat here.  The menu is not huge, but I don't think it needs to be.  Everything we ate was really good and I encourage you to give it a shot.|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|StSIHFXhos-7oIXKJbzNnw|5|Just one thought. for The Coffee Exchange peeps: Perhaps having the sugar/milk/etc. counter right behind the line isn't the best idea in the world... it makes for a very crowded and awkward situation where people can barely move and they definitely can't pass thorugh...But, I can't imagine they wouldn't have thought of this themselves so my guess is there is a reason for it...!|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|JruCYDfPzQ6T6wdd-a_VUw|3|This was a solid, tasty and very well done meal.  Husband and I came here on our "date night."  The atmosphere was spot on romantic.  The building is an 1910ish built hotel that has a lot of that older wood paneling/gilded age/roaring twenties feel.  We were seated in a very cozy dining room off of the main bar.  Our waitress was very pleasant and friendly, she had some great recommendations for dinner/appetizers/drinks.  The food is why I came.  I am a big time eat fresh, eat local person so this type of restaurant is always high on my list of "must trys."  I was pleased with my meal, just not overly awed.  The appetizers were hard to chose from because there were so many good options.  My husband had the soup, which was just good, nothing spectacular.  I had the english pea crostini which was a delightfully fresh way to start the meal.  Everyone kept saying the scallops were THE thing to try so I actually had the scallop entree (instead of the appetizer).  They were cooked properly with just the right amount of char/carmelization.   My husband enjoyed his braised beef, too.  For dessert we split the "Baked Rhode Island," a whimsical take on the "Baked Alaska."  All in all this was a charming, romantic date night.  We were given top notch service, the food was very good, the drinks were awesome and the venue was quite pleasant.  I would come back but I'm not in much of a rush.|0|0|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|5pBmHEAe58BHC_Kvngq32w|4|I just adore Olga's.  Whimsical ambiance that is perfect for lunch and breakfast, even better during the warmer months when you can take advantage of the outdoor seating and garden and be entertained by the sparrows that dance around trying to get you to drop a few seeds or crumbs.Over the years they have made some welcome changes: expanding the indoor seating, adding Sunday brunch (it used to just be Saturday), actually taking seated orders during brunch as opposed to the wooden block at the register system utilized during the week,Their breads are phenomenal, grilled pizza divine, and coffee - rich and deep.  The prices are high, the weekday service a tad frenetic, and they are not open in the evenings.  They are not perfect, but Olga's has brought something unique to Providence and specifically, the Jewelry District.  You don't feel like you're in the city when you are at Olga's.  At least I don't.  You're right on busy Point Street, but it feels so country.  I unwind.  I breathe deeper.  I let the little things slide.  I guess you could say, Olga's is my happy place.|0|0|0
HPDZZjKAi4vmtLEvYmk2Hw|VqSFTE5f-mDzoLeXS-16xw|1|I have been on a quest to try out all of the coffee shop options in Providence before I settle down to my favorite, so Cafe Zog was next on my list.  Sadly this was one of the most disappointing experiences I've had.  I feel like this place as potential: they have some nice booths that give some privacy and a cute back patio.  However, accomodations mean nothing if the food and drink are lousy.  I tried to order just a black tea and they had no options; then when I asked about pepermint, they said they were also out of that.  All that was left was a very fruity selection of celestal seasoning teas.  Seriously, celestal seasonings? I also decided to try a crumb cake and sadly this was even worse - it was stale, crumbier than any crumb cake I've ever had and had a texture like plastic.  I really wanted to like this place.  Let's hope they turn it around.|2|1|1
QNU9hn3bg_HF6v6UndA6wQ|noYmsuT3Xrr1LvV4490Jyg|3|I went on a night that there was the waterfire and sat out on the deck. It was a great view of the event and all the people. The food was decent, but nothing to rave about. There's a bar/club upstairs afterhours that seems like a lot of fun. This would be a cute place for a casual date. The calamari was really really good.|0|0|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|1ckyMCI8Xm4Rje__xMFQDQ|1|Went there for dinner pre Hurricane Irene and have never felt so unwelcome in my life. I had been there before and had a fabulous meal but, after this weekend I will never go there again and I would never recommend it to anyone.They should of closed their restaurant rather than rush guests out the door. Not a cheap restaurant so I really feel like we were ripped off!!!|1|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|CxJZ8_w28Rx3BU6i78j8Kg|4|Tucked away from Thayer St. in an alley, this is a great place for a little snack or dessert on a date, or to wolf down a savory crepe with all the breeding of a mule. The prices are a bit steep, but the quality is there as well. Excellent smoothies. Sometimes the hipper-than-thou vibe gets a bit wearing, but usually you can just get a chuckle at some of the clientele's expense.|0|0|0
xswXiNLzSsyR4fLEkHtImQ|g-1H5NAzK1Abbm-h4MQ3Rg|4|the best crepe + panini place in providence!they use the freshest ingredients, and the crepes are incredibly delicious.  the only downside is the place is tiny! but its worth it|0|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|BfWDQUBTK4wHSZH9UJ8Skg|5|I love the Red Fez.  Absolutely.Fun staff, great bartenders, owners are adorable - and the artwork is fun and makes you think!They change up their menu often enough with specials - and their staples remain in tact.I love so much about this place - location, service, etc. - and while I have ordered a lot from their menu - I still love their grilled cheese best of all.  It's a fun place - so try it out!  You won't be sorry!|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|BoRDC7m0JP1pm1OapkDG7A|3|First of all, this is the most difficult restaurant to find! My roommate and I drove and walked around all over the place trying to find it.  Now, the food was a GREAT VALUE** but only because it was restaurant week** They had a 2 for 1 lunch for $13! It was awesome!Service was terrible, but I felt bad for the bar tender serving us because it was slammed in there.Burgers? They were okay.  I think I inhaled it because I was starving, but nothing noteworthy.  The pickles made the burger; without them it would have been bland.  Fries were also just okay, soggy.  The gorgonzola tater tots? NOT TATER TOTS! they're basically mashed potato balls with gorgonzola in it.  talk about false advertising.  they were decent though.  It was fun during restaurant week but I won't be back.  Left me with this =/ feeling.|0|0|1
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|r0zqyYdr8GBybgwys-WPHQ|4|I went and got some very tasty crepes on Saturday night...since I had been putting off going here for so long and it was my birthday I got myself to different kinds to try. I chose the Gianna with strawberry preserves and another sweet one with fresh strawberries and chocolate chips. My favorite of the two was the Gianna, it hit the spot. The prices are good, the service was quick, and there is a great selection on the menu. The down side is the sketchiness of the street it is on but that is kinda what adds to the character of it all.|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|MLZPlIShyqcrnIt3u8glaQ|4|tazza a local, family owned business with great tapas and unique cocktails in downtown providence. stick to the small plates, instead of the entrees- it's their specialty and you'll get more variety. the ginger smack cocktail is spicy and ever-so-slightly sweet {whats not to love about whiskey and ginger mixed together!?}. the waitstaff are friendly, helpful, and prompt. the ambiance is nice too. the aesthetic is a mix of industrial, masculine, and traditional- lots of dark wood, navy paint, black tufted leather, and brushed steel. during the summer months, tazza has an outdoor liquor license- you can dine al fresco with their sidewalk seating, or sip your cocktail while enjoying a seasonal flick on their outdoor big screen (bring your own lawn chair for this one!). bonus: saturday and sunday, brunch is served 8am to 4pm. i'm not giving them 5 stars because their bathrooms (although beautifully designed) are completely dysfunctional- little-to-no tp in the stalls, no hand soap, broken sink faucet, etc. let's just say, i'm glad i had hand sanitizer with me because the sink meant for washing my hands didnt cut it. all in all, tazza gets five stars for the drinks, four for the food, and zero for the bathrooms. definitely check it out, just make sure you dont have to pee while you're there.|0|0|0
jqV58g6tYX4Sx_BLx2ysMg|xHO8y_zierVPgHxlEHkbHg|4|A great addition to the city's GLBT scene and a wonderful cafe for anyone seeking a fab location, tasty drink and a lovely pastry.  Don't believe me?  Check out their takeout menu- if it's a fancy little coffee drink you're chasin, they'll make just about anything you request to order.  They also have a large collection of light lunch options such as salads, sandwiches, etc which I admit, I haven't tried as of yet but if their fantastic, sugary treats are any indication, they'd definitely be purchase worthy.The service is usually friendly enough and the dining area usually a little crowded.  I used to like stopping by during lazy summers for a sweet, icy treat to go.  The few times I did hang were pleasant enough as the interior is cute, cushy and uplifting.  It is a bit high schooler in terms of the cliques but at least for me, I prefer being left to myself.  In addition they also host great poetry slams (I used to frequent but it's been a while) which I would heartily recommend joining in.Funny, funny, my coworkers are nuts about this place and actually make the drive from North Main just for their lunch breaks!|1|0|1
_BG8WroxU2JbZSij6VWx_A|a8elBf5VMtgFCHFQztSAVw|4|I have eaten here a few times for dinner during all seasons, and I recommend visiting during the summer.They have an outdoor patio, and suring the summer it is fantastic. It is not on a main street, so it is relatively quiet. They also have great summer specials.During the fall/winter, they don't have any specials, but the normal food is still good. The atmosphere is great, and the servers are always friendly and attentive. We went during the Xmas season, and there was a big office party in the main dining area. Our host told us about the party, and asked if we wanted to be seated somewhere else. It's that little extra effort that keeps us coming back.If they had non-summer specials year-round, I would definately give Ri Ra 5 stars.|0|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|9EWFblLiRtv5nEbvFEuM8Q|4|Breakfast served all day - SOLD! My friend and I went to Brickway around 1:30 hoping to catch the after brunch lull and we were right. We were sat right away. The place was mostly packed with a few open 2-tops here and there. Every dish that went by us looked amazing, especially the specials that they had written in chalk on the walls. My friend ordered poached eggs with bacon, tomatoes, and cheese with home-fries and I got an omelet with onions, peppers, and cheese with home-frieds. Both were amazing! The only reason there isn't 5 stars...no champagne. But I will definitely be back!|0|0|0
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|WRNL7eR172obLfx3Tn-DrQ|3|Mill's is one of the better restaurants in Providence. "So why the 3 stars Ryan?!" I will tell you why, poor showing for restaurant week. Now I understand some restaurants just want to give you a taste of what they can offer, but Mill's is advertising a entree without sides. They make you pay extra, which in my book is highway robbery in the first degree. Now Mill's did cook my fillet very well and the marmalade on the top added great flavor. The seasonal lettuce with bluberry-peach dressing was uninspiring and you could barely taste the dressing. I went with the key lime cheesecake for dessert. This cheesecake has a very strong lime taste and I agree with my GF that they should have stuck with more whipped cream rather than offer the mango sorbet. The tart of the mango didn't fit with the flavor of the lime. The ambiance of Mill's is very nice but almost taverny, not upscale like (which can be good or bad for a restaurant like Mill's). The wait staff is very kind and even when we stayed a little bit longer, it didn't feel like they were pushing us out.I want to be fair to Mill's and try them for a special occasion later but to be fair, if you are spending this much in providence, it is really hard to beat Ruth's Chris.|4|0|1
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|EWhw09_MyTPmhbYB7rvrHw|5|Wonderful dinner of baked stuffed shrimp. Highly recommend the seafood appetizer. Pricey but well worth it. Lobster, shrimp, fresh oysters, king crab and longneck clams! Amazing waiter named bill who also made the dinner.|1|0|0
-BDHMsD-vg6nPnIkrtKPYQ|3XxsH5vS3yJDnYLxSnRu3A|2|I've been to many bad Chinese restaurants in my life.This is one of them.|0|0|0
mdqwn32B4RVJI8_MQLXXHg|pHXVQ0ypzTd7Jy7qBDOAJw|4|First stepping into the bubble-gum colored, brightly-lit, bustling Froyoworld on a Friday night, my first thought was, "ok, this is not really my kind of place." Slightly overstimulated, I took a deep breath and oriented myself to the lay of the land. This is where I relax into living in the world of froyo.Awesome - the sweet girl at the counter gave me a little paper condiment cup behind the counter, upon request. I tried "a couple" ;) Super-tangy sour flavors that embrace the yogurtness of it all, bright fruity flavors, sweet cookies/cream and cake batter.My tastebuds certainly aren't clamoring for Cap'n Crunch or half-frozen gummy worms in my froyo, but there's the beauty of froyoworld: you follow your froyo bliss. There more options of confections, crunchies, fresh fruits and syrups than you can sneeze at - don't worry, there is a sneeze-guard. I swooned over my mango froyo + vanilla froyo + mango and strawberry bits + peanut butter cups... I admit, I lost focus there on the last addition. Can't wait to go back and invent new combos.|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|0GcWiMFK04P8qVJ9E1jloQ|4|I have very mixed feelings about Gracie's. Certain dishes were very good while others failed to impress. The atmosphere is a lot more casual than I thought it would be, which in my opinion is actually a good thing. The front of house staff is relatively young, I'm assuming they're students from Brown, RISD or Johnson and Wales. I suggest doing the 3 course pre-fixe menu, which begins at an affordable $30 per person, but be careful because if you choose some pricier menu items your bill will run high!A friend and I dined on:Whitewater mussels - caught locally and cooked perfectly. I always like mussels and these didn't disappoint although I think they could have cut back on the salt a littleVeal sweetbreads - I liked everything on this dish except for the sweetbreads. I think they could have added more texture to it because it's so naturally soft and everything else on the plate was soft as well. The mushrooms, ramps, and sauce were very tasty though.Atlantic striped bass - Yum! I liked everything about this dish. Once again, the fish is locally caught and it was perfectly cooked. The entire dish came together seamlessly and the flavors were spot on.Prime ribeye - This was good for a restaurant that doesn't specialize in steak. They cooked it perfectly, but as a whole dish felt random. The few potato puffs were nice, but the plate was steak, bone marrow and a few scattered potato puffs and shallots. I didn't think everything was well incorporated or presented.Rhubarb mascarpone cheesecake - It was pretty good, but nothing amazing. Not sure the rhubarb wrapped around the cheesecake was such a good idea, because it kind of gave it a slimy texture. The sherbet could use some work in terms of texture. It felt too grainy.Lemon pudding cake - YUM! I loved this dessert so much. The cake itself has the perfect texture and is nice and moist. I loved the taste and really liked the poppy seed tuile. My one complaint was the ice cream. It came out kind of melted and the texture felt really grainy meaning it was over-churned.Creme brulee - a typical, standard menu offering, but there's definitely did not disappoint. Perfect creamy, smooth texture and good taste. Nice, evenly bruleed sugar on top too.It was nice how they served several amuse bouches, but I thought they were trying too hard to be fancy? A melon ball with balsamic vinaigrette it kind of a dinky amuse in my opinion. The second was some sort of sorbet, which had good mouth feel but taste was unimpressive. Lastly, they left us with some French macarons at the end of the meal, which were actually quite good. Perfectly baked with nice crispy shell and chewy interior. Great taste too. Overall I did enjoy my experience and am giving it 4 stars because the taste of everything was pretty good. I would definitely go back to give it another try, but I think they were trying a little bit too hard on certain courses.|0|0|0
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|-Ecm_cRLt4WI9r0P9fBGeQ|3|They've got a pretty nice set up inside with a pretty impressive bar. The food is pretty good and meals average from $10-13 but fried rice isn't included and will cost you is an extra $7-8 ($2.50 for white). It's good food in a nice environment but once you get your drink, rice, lo-mein, and your meal it can be a little expensive.Oh and soda does not have free refills. I was there Friday night and the waitress kept bringing us new sodas when we were nearly done then once we got the check we found out they were $1.50 each. Not a lot of money but not free refills like you would assume in that situation.|2|0|0
8S7RKI8swuq8V-4ZN9cDvQ|EQloo51OzlB0pryitNFfNw|5|This is an excellent location of one of my favorite chains EVARRR. The Thayer Street location is a bit lacking in space, but the service makes up for it. The people who work here are smiley and friendly, which is always good. The ingredients are essentially the same here, and while they sometimes don't cook the peppers enough, they offer brown rice, which is all sorts of amazing!|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|IhmBr-yHC8xLjdnoq7O37w|4|I'd choose several other fine dining restaurants in the Providence area before coming here again, but we did have a decent meal.I didn't get the great ambiance feel like everyone else did. Maybe it's because we were on the first floor, but looking out into the parking lot didn't do it for me. Neither did the flimsy uncomfortable zebra print chairs or super hard benches. We also got pretty average service.We came for my birthday dinner, because this is one of the few high-end restaurants in Providence we haven't made it out to yet.Started with the Margherita Pizza as an app, which everyone recommends and was not disappointed. It's a tad messy because the sauce is thin and they throw oil on top of it, but it was tasty as hell.Boyfriend got the "Dirty Steak" which was not on the menu, but was still order-able. Delmonico steak, only served medium rare. I thought it was a little chewy and probably would be better served medium if I'm being honest. The mashed potatoes that came with it were amazing though.The waiter rushed me a little into ordering so, I quickly decided on the baked pasta on the spot. With more time, I probably would have chosen something different, but I thought it was decent. Medium-sized shells in a tomato and cream/cheese sauce that I've tasted a dozen times before.Dessert was pretty delicious. The apple tart was made of thinly sliced apples that just melted in your mouth, and crust on the tart itself was flaky and buttery even on the overcooked rims.Prices for entrees were pretty standard, but our $20 app and $20 dessert was a little strange for me. That's probably where they make their money.Nothing about the ambiance or "experience" would bring me back here, but I'd probably come back for a pizza in the bar some time. I'd go down the street to Bacaro if I'm looking for a romantic meal.|0|0|1
w3p6mz0m1b-jPm26weDabQ|iE4LhJiPnJqFXzgKTFYQog|3|Breakfast is good. Pancakes are delish. And STACKED.Love the fresh fruit smoothies.Lunch is okay, not great.Only major complaint is that there isn't proper ventilation and I always leave smelling like kitchen grease.|1|0|1
BxmSFfCPQN_bg24l44a56Q|gE-5s1PtmW5EDXoe3ClLBw|3|In such an incredible building, this restaurant should've stayed black tie. At the dinner prices, you'd think it still is. I wish this reopening had been done differently.I can't justify spending $12 on a small appetizer while I'm sitting on the same stackable chairs our family rents for holiday dinners. One of the most remarkable buildings in Providence now boasts cheap chairs, paneled door partitions, and 6 ounce cocktails.The quality of our small portions was comparable, I think, to Restaurant Bouchard in Newport. Very high quality but tiny. A baseball sized amount of food on the large plates.Two small plates, four drinks, and two entrees were $116. I left hungry.Maybe I'd just feel better about spending the money if I were wearing a tuxedo?|1|0|0
_dyFKoP9aoYty0Ot_lW0AA|8ybcfpKLlV0gElcpuZNUcA|3|A fixture of my trips home from college was the inevitable night out or two at the Fish Co.  And my most recent trip last month was no exception.  Its almost like a security blanket for me, how much this place has not changed in the slightest bit in the last five or six years.But enough waxing reminiscences.  This place is college-age-y.  Note I did not say college-y.  Once you are even slightly past college age, you will feel slightly embarrassed and slightly dirty to be there.  I experienced this feeling at the Fish Co. for the first time at age 24.However, if you are in that age 21-23 wheelhouse, this place is for you.  You'll have a blast.|1|0|0
kATS8uEAIQfeD66JypmgaQ|JvHKZCi5KJDdwPnIeDbBmA|4|excellent cuts of steak, sides are alacarte and pricy, dessert was great|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|IcdxwCBX6rNHwlcFJEVVtQ|5|If there is one thing I can tell you about Al Forno, it is this: Get the effing Dirty Steak, man. Even at a whopping $42, it's worth every last penny. We went here for a celebratory meal. My husband asked me to choose any place in the city for dinner, and my choice was Al Forno. I started with the fresh figs and prosciutto - and I can say with absolute certainty that this is a match made in heaven. Sweet, fresh figs over a thinly-sliced cloud of subtly salty, porky perfection with the softest drizzle of onion-infused olive oil. I never wanted this course to end... But then came the pumpkin ravioli. Drenched in a sage brown butter sauce, these morsels of perfection melted on my tongue and paired beautifully with a glass of the house Gavi. Across the table, my husband devoured the Caesar salad, which is no ordinary Caesar, my friends. This crispy, fresh and flavorful Romain is absolutely smothered in parmesan, peppered with anchovy and paired with hands down the most delcious grilled bread that has ever touched my lips. Seriously, the croutons make the salad -it's not to be missed. But ahhhhhh.... The Dirty Steak. I picked up on balsamic vinegar, brown sugar, red pepper flake and perhaps some garlic in this velvety, rich and incomparable sauce. The steak itself was a masterful preparation - tender, juicy, flavorful and tinged slightly with the flavor of burning coals. Paired with garlic mashed new potatoes and a glass of Barolo, it just can't be beat. Like, ever.  And then, we have the service: Amy is a gem. A sweet pea. A Botticelli dream sent to sweetly answer the beckoning of those in search of culinary excellence. Not a step was missed, not a recommendation was off - this girl knows her menu, for sure. Her service made our perfect evening even more perfect.So, after all of that, I will say this: If you are looking for a perfect evening, a perfect meal and a completely care-free and enjoyable experience, look no further than Al Forno. After four years in this city, I'm certainly glad to know this much.|6|2|2
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|lchY7XsQ4jgMG4H5OVXlCw|3|Oh sweet delicious crepes... too bad you have to be tainted by the grumpy hipsters that make you.  Let's be real, for a restaurant that is seriously fits 10 people comfortable, there is no room for 'tudes yall!Sam was very helpful thank you, but Jess you should really take a chill pill. All people want are their crepes!! dang.Back to the food- the Lisa and Mary... DELISH. A+++|1|2|1
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|mjkqYTie6toPuX5M-nx4Fw|4|I'm sorry but seriously... how could anyone not love Olga's??I think what some people miss the boat on with Olga's is their absolutely electrifying baked goods and pastries. A few of my favorites:1) Fig tart.2) Poached pear tart.3) Molasses cookie.4) Any freaking croissant item.Their brunch is also absolutely fabulous. They have a few signature dishes that must ALL be tried. My one disappointment: Brunch is only served on the weekends. During the week, the menu is mostly sandwiches, soups, salads, and pizzas.Something that few people know about but must be tried: RISOTTO. Olga's will often have lunch specials and if they are serving the risotto, do not miss a chance to taste this stuff. It is absolute mouthwatering awesomeness.|3|2|2
IL96KSxK3ov1m-1WQV8MLQ|26Y-67KTR5pLdp7veHbIZw|2|Working in the Down City area, I genuinely get excited when new places open on the Westminister Strip area.  So when i walked by Small Points and peered in through the window... I was pretty excited.  This place looks great inside.. some exposed brick, lots of leather couches, WI-Fi... just enough tattoo's behind the counter to bring in the Hipsters.  Expectations are hi.Since my first look I have been in a few times.  I don't drink coffee so I cannot comment on that, the aesthetic of the place is inviting and warm.  Seems like a fun place t hang out and people watch.  The few times I have been in, I grabbed an iced tea, which was iced tea.. not much to report there and a brakfast sandwich.  To my dismay after I finally got the attention of one of the 3 people behind the tiny counter, and ordered... I watched the "cook" quickly put my egg for my sandwich in the microwave.. gross... please... ****Attention**** if you are going to serve an egg sandwich, and you only have a microwave.. don't... its gross.... and it shows you just don't care enough to do it right.  Haven't tried much else.. they have your basic bagels and a small selection fo pastries as well.. I think they also do sandwiches for lunch.  Oh well.. too bad the product didn't match the wow of the space they are in, someone obviously dropped some bucks renovating it.|1|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|WA9fjdFYyWon5ecMRUrJRg|4|This place is optimized for late night. While I like to go for a full-sized burger, these sliders are more than filling and great for a late night hunger craving without the remorse of late night overeating. Also, a really choice beer selection. Service was fine when we went. Can't complain.|0|0|0
BxmSFfCPQN_bg24l44a56Q|YF92e4kjHHiIZcjmKBVJbA|4|This is truly the most beautiful restaurant in Providence.  No joke, I could spend hours just staring up at the crazy ornate gold and red ceiling.  Make sure to check out the old vault near the bathrooms.  So so cool.  The drinks, like the atmosphere, are excellent.  I had the Harvest Moonshine (applejack and whiskey with apple, lemon, and maple syrup) which was delicious and really warmed me up.  I also recommend the Sazerac and the Up & Cucumber.  If you're not much of a cocktail fan, the list of wines by the glass looked great.  The beer list was nothing special though.  Unfortunately, I thought the food was only average.  Portions were small (even on the so called large plates), and while the presentation was beautiful, the flavors just weren't there.  I started with the young lettuces with shaved country ham and buttermilk dressing.  The dressing was very light and I couldn't taste the ham at all.  In fact, all I could taste was an overwhelming amount of pepper.  Pass.  For my main course, I had the pork shoulder, which was about two bites of meat and eight bites of fat.  Look, I know that the shoulder is a fatty cut of meat, but this was kind of ridiculous.  It was accompanied by various vegetables none of which added anything to the dish.  For dessert we had the peanut butter and banana mousse.  This was probably the biggest disappointment of the night.  It was not a mousse at all but rather two scoops of peanut butter, a few bananas, a piece of chocolate, and a peanut butter powder which seemed to serve no purpose other than to show off the pastry chef's molecular gastronomy skills.  Was it pretty to look at?  Yes!  Did we finish it?  No.  Before he gave us the check our waiter brought out some mint chocolate macarons for us to enjoy.  Like everything, they looked better than they tasted, but It was still a really nice way to end the meal.  I will definitely be back to the Dorrance for drinks.  Don't know if I'll be willing to shell out the dough for the food though...|1|1|1
rdvWYwtOW6Mw_LTNAqlsQQ|1AHMW8yyY6NDgvM4ClB4Ng|4|I actually made fun of their "italian eggrolls"---the thought sounded DISGUSTING.  I was actually pleasantly surprised when I made myself order them...they were great!!!  I don't get their faux 1920s decor, because it looks nothing like a speakeasy.  But I suppose they tried to do something different even though it didn't work.  Thumbs up for effort.|0|0|0
w3p6mz0m1b-jPm26weDabQ|9P6R-hDHSDW6vCueiJdKtg|4|The food (turkey wrap) and iced coffee were okay, but I'm giving Amy's Place 4 stars for the atmosphere. I came here on a Sunday afternoon with a couple of friends because Coffee Exchange was too crowded. It was the perfect place to sit for a couple hours and catch up. We sat outside on the patio - a little chilly (our own fault though, there was plenty of seating inside) but they had a little heater in the middle! Great idea, Amy's place. Next time I'm in Providence I'll definitely be back, and I have my eye on the pancakes.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|M5IltZ4viIJJ94jVmrADdg|5|OH MAN OH MAN, so I'm really picky sometimes, but one characteristic that comes with that is going to a place I like multiple times per week.  East side pockets is awesome, I really have never tried anything there that's bad.  There are times when a line forms, but it's no biggie because those boys can move fast. So what I have been getting is the Chicken Gyro Combo Wrap. I love it, it's only 7 bucks and it's just as filling as any sub, and probably better for you (some one may need to help me on that one). Interesting thing though, different guys make different wraps, I know....duh. Different hands make different art, but all in all it's never bad.  One nice thing is that if you put a buck in the tip jar, you get one of the little desserts they have next to the register, baklava type treats, wicked yum kid. So for the past 10 years approximately, at least since i was in high school, this place has been consistently excellent. Perfect meal: Chicken Gyro Combo Wrap (you can choose what to have, I choose not to have tomatoes or onions), 6 piece Falafel, (their Falafel is really good, which is not easy to come by in restaurants these days), and a blueberry/pomegranate Arizona Iced TeaWOOT|2|1|1
2wu_RvBn3QYANniI6oD4pA|VFkzf-g8NqJj402sE433kA|5|my boyfriend and i were enticed to go to cafe noir by their complementary valet service. how were we supposed to know we were about to walk through a magic door that made me think we were transported to new york city? cafe noir is very chic, filled with kitsch, funky mirrors painted to look like tiger stripes, and funky lighting. it's very new york....with french food of course.our waitress missy was very sweet and informative. she was nice enough to see if the kitchen would make me the tuesday night special of cassolette even though it was a friday night. they couldn't and i wasn't too upset because there was plenty of other delicious options to choose from. too many in fact! as i agonized over what to choose as if it were my last meal on earth, missy made some lovely suggestions and i chose the bouillabaisse while my boyfriend got the steak tartar, tomato soup, and asparagus salad. the steak tartar was probably the best i ever had, served with home made chips. the tomato soup makes campbells taste like sewer water. rich and creamy and oh so delicious. the bouillabaisse was so delicious, filled with shellfish, shrimp, cod, and calamari in a delicate broth. i spent so long savoring it that i didn't get a chance to try the asparagus salad my boyfriend ordered (although it looked good and he said it was great). the pot de creme of chocolate was the perfect ending to the meal! sweet, but not too sweet. rich. the perfect amount. absolute heaven!pricing wasn't too bad. moderate for providence. but compared to boston and NY, not bad at all! i can't wait to go back. a different day every time so i can try all of the specials!|0|0|0
yNnWaqDFdfD-MqbeAtDfSQ|OAL78B871UJ3_SZ_77CoVg|4|Just got lunch, pulled pork grilled cheese is Excellent!  And my co-worker enjoyed the beef.  Tomato soup was okay, compliments the sandwich well, but served in the little container, they should say its more like a slurp of tomato soup more than anything.Will get more from them for sure!|1|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|fMFUNmmtkzBlYS0Gk_FVdw|2|Why so many Brown students choose to come here over Byblos or the Ivy Room for falafel is beyond me. I'm not a fan, but it's worth a try, because those who love it are fans for life!|0|0|0
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|N4mIzFm7Qs9yKcRFXg4-1g|5|Great atmosphere.  Selection of pizza that I NEVER would have expected and enjoyed.  Perfect for a cozy little college social gathering.  Yum!|0|0|0
VXAJvtWSzeFzZinJRs75rg|hCliLAhbyMDCmcDEyvgoqQ|1|I'm not one for really writing bad reviews BUT I was very disappointed here. My boyfriend and I went Saturday night for an early Valentines dinner, it was busy so we decided to sit at the bar. Thought it was a good sign of things to come. Our waiter was ok but not too helpful. I order Chang, which I really liked. Then we shared Fresh Spring Rolls, aka. Nime Chow. So far, good. I don't eat meat but do eat seafood. We both love curry so I got Mango curry with shrimp & my boyfriend got Green curry with tofu.Here is were it all went wrong.......first they bring 1 dish and give it to my boyfriend. First mistake, it was my dish and as he tastes the first bite the waiter yells wait. It was missing the shrimp. Ok, no big deal, right? So his dinner comes then mine. We are both pleased, the food was good (the only reason I give it 1 star plus you can't give no stars.) I take several bites and find a piece of beef! Unfortunately, this has happened before so I don't stress & just tell the waiter. He looks at me like I'm nuts & hesitantly takes the dish to the kitchen while telling me he doesn't know what they will do about it. When he comes back  he tells me they can comp my dinner or I can order another but it is going to take a long time because they are busy and have a lot of orders before me.Ummm, excuse me? I have to wait a long time for another order because the kitchen messed up the first one? I've never had this happen to me. Usually the waiter comes back and says it will just be another few minutes that I was going to get the next order out. The waiter was apologetic and asked me what I'd like to do. I asked for a minute as we both looked at each other puzzled. I think I was in such shock I didn't know how to answer him.In the end I didn't reorder but instead went to Antonio's for a slice, never disappointed there. We will not be returning here.My advice if you do not eat meat, be very clear about not having meat in your food. Maybe you'll have better luck then I did but I doubt it.|0|0|0
5q1rfOna_PlzdTI24MpqqQ|-f1cOGmFMAcwTPnXVdl9wA|3|We've all got those friends that are really trying to be something; cooler, younger, hipper or whatever.  A sometimes they pull it off.  You're hanging out, having a good time and then all of a sudden they say or do something weird and you remember "oh yeah, this is just an act they're really a 54yr old real estate attorney that still has a flip phone and and wear loafers with tassels."Here's the problem with SideBar, it is that schizophrenic friend.  They have a bartender that often dresses like he is ready for a strong 80's resurgence.  They play music that belongs in a Euro-Rave while the TV's are all on sports (dirt bike racing while I was there).  Visit the SideBar early in the week and you can see the Cougars searching for fresh meat (not here my dear) while Buddy C. sits at the end of the bar reading his ipad. Go there on a busy night to witness the other personality, I wanna be just like The Spot Underground...only with $9 Jack-n-Coke(ouch),  they get some good bands to play there and I heard Fungus Amungus is there soon so they are really trying hard.   I think if this bar chose a path and stuck to it then it could really do well but something tells me deep down this bar wants to attract those other real estate attorneys so that when it wants to slip back into those tassel adorned loafers it will be surrounded by friends|0|0|0
HPDZZjKAi4vmtLEvYmk2Hw|5mcQhUGDfo71Dlh8sDZP9w|4|Cafe ZOG might as well just change its name to "The OTHER coffee place on Wickenden." For whatever reason ZOG has never been able to attract the following that Coffee Exchange next door has, even though to my untrained eye they serve pretty much the same thing. It's not like the early 90s when you had to seek out a place like ZOG to get that mysterious drink called cappuccino, or find an apartment through roommate wanted fliers on the walls. These days you can get everything ZOG (or Coffee Exchange) serves at any Starbucks or even Dunkin Donuts, and all of your apartment, bandmate, and used furniture transactions are done online. So what keeps people coming?The atmosphere. You come to ZOG to sit and unhurredly enjoy your coffee, not to drive off with it on your way to work. You come to ZOG to read, especially if you're reading something pompous and literary that you hope might catch the eye of a cute college girl. You come to ZOG to hang out with your friends when it's too early to go hang out at The Hot Club like a respectable drunkard.To me, the hanging out is actually what gives ZOG an advantage over Coffee Exchange. ZOG is rarely crowded and relatively unhurried. Rather than stand in line for 20 minutes waiting to order a beverage that there's nowhere to drink, at ZOG I can order and sit and wait for twenty minutes while they make it. Okay, that's a bit of an exaggeration - but the service here is notoriously slow. I've always found ZOG to be a great place to kill a couple hours with a book on a leisurely Saturday afternoon.Oh yeah, and the bathroom is ridiculously tiny, but no one has found any video cameras in it.|2|1|1
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|RrQQ4TfvnyfrHrQU_Ux2Ug|2|Overpriced. Service was terrible (the waiter was so weird).I have been to Gracie's on multiple occasions, and have never been impressed. The dinner menu is a 'prix fixe' menu, though there really isn't anything 'fixe' about it (eg. add $15 for steak, $5 for salad, etc.). The steak which is what everyone raves about, was really not very good. The smoked octopus was rather smoke with octopus on the side (way too smokey). The only saving grace is the wine selection, but this is also rather expensive for what it is. In all, I am really not quite sure what all the rave about this place is about, and would avoid at all costs.|2|1|1
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|rrbi3UTudtJ4FxEtyzbeog|1|Ugh, I thought this was going to be good... but it was absolutely terrible.  Will definitely NOT return.  They had to take my food back because I hated it so much and no one in my party even liked their food a little bit.|0|1|0
QAxQdJ5m-wrvLUUGb0-ulw|JDPPd7pd5BHa94WSSGOkiw|3|I would love to say "Yay, I'm a fan" because I am, but only of: the bar atmosphere, the Sunday servers, the football package, and the fact that you can enjoy a drink outside overlooking the water.  The one star was omitted because of the limited menu which has remained unchanged since their doors opened.  The sandwiches are good, the wings tend to be underdone (I simply request well-done when I order them), and the 5-mini pigs in a blanket are actually 2 full-sized hot dogs baked in a crescent roll.  All-in-all.  If you are looking for a bar where you can socialize and watch the game.  I highly recommend the Whiskey Republic.|0|0|0
0cYGdh3BVnIiLxPB88fEUg|YF92e4kjHHiIZcjmKBVJbA|3|When I heard that a new soup place opened up in Providence, I knew I had to go. ASAP.  Blount's has a decent sized menu (including fish and chips, grilled cheese, burgers etc.), but the emphasis is really on the soups. You can even get frozen soups to take home!We tried the lobster bisque and the chowder. Both were good, but not great. The lobster bisque was pretty bland; it definitely needed a few shakes of salt and pepper. The chowder had a thin broth and needed more potatoes. But hey, these are not gourmet soups. And considering the prices ($3.95 for a cup/$4.95 for a bowl), I thought they were a decent deal.  The one major miss was the clam cakes with chourico. I was hoping Blount would have clam cakes as good as those at Iggy's in Warwick or Aunt Carrie's in Narragansett. Yeah, I don't know what I was thinking on that front, because Blount's clam cakes didn't even come close. Their clam cakes were super dense, almost like someone had deep fried a scone with bacon in it. Kinda gross. Also, the chourico was so overpowering that I could not taste the clam at all.  Maybe the plain ones are better?We ate there, but I think this place is really geared towards the to-go crowd. Unlike Olga's, Blount has a large parking lot for customers, so it's easy to get in and out in no time. I will definitely be back to try more soups. Next time, scallop and bacon!|0|0|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|ssXwMsdDH77-GsFDlXo_FQ|4|From brunch to lunch, Olga's is extremely consistent and delicious. I go at least once a week for the "Grilled Rachel", perfect combination of sauerkraut and turkey on toasted bread.|1|0|1
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|tqD9TggKuUqGRlyQaZQptg|3|My review is for cupcakes only as we have not yet have any of the crepes. I am an avid baker and bake alot of cupcakes myself. I was excited to try this place based on the reviews. However, I was left quite disappointed. My boyfriend and I both agreed the frostings were good but the cupcakes themselves were extremely dry. So dry that I couldnt even finish it, and i always finish cupcakes! We tried 5 different ones and the only one i truly enjoyed was the brownie mint surprise..which is a brownie and not technically a cupcake. I may come again to check out the crepes but I will steer clear of the cupcakes, not worth 2.75!|1|0|1
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|8evy7XHSMBUp3tNF7RB8Ig|5|Simply, this is my favorite restaurant in Rhode Island.  The food is consistently fantastic, locally sourced and reasonably priced.  The mac and cheese is outrageously good, as is my new favorite, the poutine (a heart attack in a bowl for sure, but man is it worth it!)The service can be hit and miss (there's one particular waitperson I just cannot abide...slow as molasses and forgets orders regularly), so if you can grab a seat at the bar, do it.  I've never had a bad time at the bar.One more note about the bar:  they are always cooking up some new great cocktail.  Not for everyone, but they come up with some pretty surprising and delicious concoctions.  Cardamom or hot peppers in a cocktail?  Yes, please.|2|1|0
A6dVeZf0ZKgOqKxB7y0F0w|kxXd2El7B4GTf97OILggWw|3|Eh, if you are on the east side and sick of pizza, it worth walking in. It's not amazing, but its not super gross. They are burgers, kinda messy though.|0|0|0
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|mC9ycQTEF3fHvcS3eejWTg|3|Solid food, great location if you live on College Hill / go to Brown, but the service leaves something to be desired. The food can take a very long time and they are not the friendliest. It is one of the only restaurants you can go to in the area that makes you feel like you're having a girls night out, though!|1|0|0
w3p6mz0m1b-jPm26weDabQ|dQAgYcw1pVr36TugH3996g|1|Absolute travesty of a burger. Asked if it was from frozen patties, and they told me no. Not positive, but I'm pretty sure I got a microwaved frozen patty. Utterly disgusting.|1|1|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|dcgoy1nA6XzA7k7SGyduBA|3|I like this place, I really do, but the food and food service has a lot to be desired. The biggest problem is it is not consistent. I have been here some nights that I would give it 5 stars and other nights 2. I keep going back because I like to drink here and hang out with friends there but I think they go through too many cooks, pay a little more and keep someone good around. On a high note, the BBQ Chicken nachos are the BEST, do yourself a favor and order that, skip the meal, you'll be full and happy and won't need a meal after eating it.|2|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|VH74KrJYbRXhDiIRhSUjRA|5|You must go here and buy a falafel. Best I had. They also make crazy good chicken Ceaser  salad and chicken buffalo wraps. Home made hummus with theyr chips equally delicious. For desert baklava awesome.  Are you getting the picture yet?  Go here.|1|0|1
A6dVeZf0ZKgOqKxB7y0F0w|QaXsdkNpxRUVC63Act0PbQ|3|Open late, which is nice if you are in a bind.  Otherwise I'd recommend other places.  It's not bad, in fact the service is super friendly, accommodating.  Unfortunately there are just so many other great food options around here that this one with average food really doesn't stick out.|0|0|0
-93uBoiVyQ2ZPABERT621w|xJhQW6TB6Afcbkx8-oeqrg|5|Beers and Pizza after work or during or hell even before if you can deal,...YES this is a great spot!  Service A+ Food A- and the beer is cold and fast just like my wife.|0|1|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|pVPcu1-W8SLXJKcu5kF6tA|5|one of the top restaurants in providence, lovely food, meticulous service, very friendly.  easy to use valet service, easy on and off highway 146/94 if you take the atwells exit from the north and take a left on washington or broad.|1|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|RHOmfXo5WI4v2FNlt62qZA|1|I would like to give this place a 0 star but yelp wont let me. NASY NASY NASY food was gross the place is diry, gross, and nasy. The waiter had 0 personalty it was like a moody pissed off employee giveing us our food. We ask him question he did not answer. The food was eaither cold slimy or just gross. I dont wish my worst enemy goes there. The atmosphere was horriable dirty sticky and everyone that worked there was stoned out of there mind. The cook was handleing the diry trash dirty dishes his face and other thing then would cook your food eeewwwwww never again!!! PLEASE do yourself a favor and dont go!!!!|0|0|0
ooNlNmDvLdmPuR_b_b2Rww|05IGnmFjBJaki9VNo1Qsng|5|Quite possibly the best sandwich spot in Providence.  Food is amazing and you can taste how much the owners care about their product in all of their meats.  If you live in RI you MUST try Dok's.  I definitely recommend the Mikey T.|0|0|0
87h9WI6h9cjNHxQd0FizBA|aAlKX_pPAhu3dIInG9guCQ|2|The decor of this restaurant is very inviting and relaxing. If you can, sit in the back left corner where you relax a step above the rest under the clouded sky ceiling.The servers were polite and quirky, adorned in chef aprons which I thought was adorable.Food is fair. The prices are steep for the ingredients provided. I got the Cosmo Omlet, added tomato and bacon with a French Pressed Yirgachefe (sp*) and fresh squeezed grape fruit juice. The drinks were fabulous! Great quality coffee, unlike most breakfast joints, and juice that was really fresh! The dish came with home fries and cornbread- the former being delicious the latter a little bland and disappointing. Onto the omelet- the broccoli was not fresh as I would have expected but rather frozen/canned, the quantity of bacon was not proportionate to the cost ($2.50 add on), the herb cheese was a little misplaced with the quality of the accompaniments however the eggs were fluffy and fresh. I give this a two for quality representation to cost. The restaurant creates an illusion of great quality fresh ingredients with a price according to that guise. Although certain elements were up to this standard the consistency was lacking. I would not return or recommend...for breakfast that is.|1|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|8bNqIF5320FdAMW0gLtXAg|5|I lived around the corner from Brickway for my last two years at RISD - and it was great, and it was terrible. Great, because it's absolutely fantastically convenient. Terrible, because we would pretty much have no choice but to go there when the smell of pancakes and eggs floated up dreamily from Wickenden first thing in the morning and inspired our stomachs to not be pleased with anything else but Brickway.You can pretty much never go wrong with the specials, the French Toast is unrivaled, the pancakes are fluffy and dreamy, and the home fries... well, let's just say it was really hard to find anything since that's come close. I've found good home fries, but few hold the place in my heart like Brickway's do.The service is friendly though yes, they rush around (not a huge deal though - you never go wanting). The bus boy that was there at the time I was in school was particularly charming, and he would always give my dad a (joking) hard time for wearing his Yankees gear in the restaurant when my parents were in town.To this day, it's still the only place I (and my parents) recommend to people for breakfast. Be prepared to wait, since a lot of people feel the way I do, but if you're a small party (1-2) or are in early, you'll be fine. It generally goes fast, anyway.|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|elO6H690rrADGviefWytgQ|4|I love this place.  The decor is colorful and cool.  The chips and black bean dip are amazing and addicting.  The food is very good and unique.|0|0|0
RIzlH7t_wVhiTFklmYC1RA|U-DhIbadXOHDr_vEGe0efw|5|Hands down my favorite restaurant in Providence.  I live in Boston now and I often find myself daydreaming about this place.  It is the total package.  Excellent food, great wine, superb service and pitch-perfect ambiance.  Upon walking into this 40-seat beauty, I feel welcome and accommodated....as though I've just entered a close friend's house.  It's never stuffy or overzealous and always surpasses my expectations.  I lived in RI for 4 years and visited this place a fair amount and I never, never, never left feeling anything less than completely enamored (and no, I wasn't drunk).  Menus change daily.... always try the specials, they are the best.  And the Bistro meals offer a ridiculous value (3 courses for 23 bucks???) Oh New Rivers how you tantalize me,  Now see, in Boston, for the same quality bistro meal, you would pay 35-39$  and you have  to deal with the horror that is parking in Boston.  Not so in Rhody where the lot behind the restaurant welcomes you happily to the tune of 5$.  Bruce, the owner, utilizes local food products, grown and harvested responsibly, which is not only ethical, but also yields fresher, better-tasting food. And I love that they have "half portions" of entrees.  So if you eat like a bird (as my BF claims I do- and I deny) you don't have that diner guilt of sitting in front of a too-huge portion of whatever and thinking about Sally Struthers and the withering children you should be sponsoring in developing countries.  Also, it should be noted that  I'm not into eating at a "place to be seen".  I want to eat at an honest restaurant that does what a restaurant ought to do, which is nourish your body and act as a relaxing backdrop for great conversations.I am struggling to match my experiences at New Rivers with a restaurant in Boston.  My favorites here, so far, are Oleana, Craigie St Bistro, and Ten Tables.... They are all great places...but each has a little something missing.  And I vow never to give 5-stars to any restaurant that can't knock my socks off and love me tender like this little gem always does. Mr. Tillenghast, you are my hero. For Real.|5|2|2
ILLYK1PwY2F5c__Dhycopw|46Fj-TdPlZuTvhTnNEjA0Q|5|The best steakhouse in Providence!  Not just any Capital Grille but this is the FIRST Capital Grille ever - the original!  The filet is like no other, the mushrooms, spinach, potatoes and Cesar are the BEST around!  Prices can be a tad high but trust me, it's worth it.|0|0|0
VXAJvtWSzeFzZinJRs75rg|CV_I9BJEHnGtgJV1YOO8ug|2|If I had written this review after the first five times I've eaten there or ordered takeout, I would've given it 3 or 4 stars. However, the more I go to this restaurant, the more I'm convinced that the service is SO terrible that it's not worth it.The price doesn't help it either. I usually order a pad thai, maybe some calamari, fried dumplings and fried rice. The food is pretty excellent but the prices are...Thayer St. prices. Essentially, everything costs about 30% more than you'd like to pay.The service is really slow and while I've never been treated rudely, all the waitstaff seem devastatingly incompetent. How are they not able to get things rolling? They ruin the atmosphere because you get ushered into seats, perhaps ensuring you're a paying customer and then you wait forever for water, wait forever for your order to be taken and then forever for your food to arrive. If you're not hungry or in a rush and you have all day to wait around for these incompetents, it's an okay restaurant--the food is pretty decent. But look elsewhere if you're a busy person with classes, jobs, and responsibilities with deadlines.|0|0|0
1-WF9A4i-0fI8XxCFbqrTA|ecaKpGlfwHpjbyqFRxpT-Q|1|It's a pretend place.  Go somewhere else for the real barbecue.   Was not impressed by stringy and not truly smoky pulled pork. The kitsch of the place is too overdone and pretentious.|1|0|0
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|vsSf98NFqSCs3xMDJ4QAjw|4|I like the variety found at Antonio's. They certainly don't make it easy for you to choose. That being said, the pizza itself is decent. I don't think its expensive, in fact, it's reasonably priced considering all they are topped with. Given the choices on Thayer, I always come to Antonio's. Mostly because I prefer the lively ambiance (even though the one girl who was working the cash register was hit on by the most annoying guy that kept try to force me to tip her). The staff is friendly as well. So yes, I will always return.|0|0|0
1-WF9A4i-0fI8XxCFbqrTA|ZgVNbpNgGBSVrhyrDGNMpQ|3|not bad. not great. went in here to eat yesterday before visiting a friend. drinks are priced ok. i got some whiskey from vermont that was pretty good. the pulled pork nachos were awesome. HUGE portion. we were full after those and didn't even need a dinner. but when our waitress asked us if we wanted sour cream and guac when we ordered them,  we didnt know they charged you $1.50 for each of them! so tack on an extra $3 to your nachos if u want sour cream and guac (which normally DO come with nachos anywhere i've been). so that was a downside. i ordered a mushroom swiss burger cooked MEDIUM. It was burnt on the outside and well well done. she offered me another but i declined so she took it off the bill which was cool. my boyfriend got the pulled pork, fried chix, mac n cheese and biscuit and gravy. the biscuit was ROCK HARD. he said "is it supposed to be like this? as he was trying to cut it with a knife. so it was obviously stale. and the mac n cheese was good but the mac was more than al dente. the fried chix looked burnt to me but he didnt complain.if we were going to be in the area again i would definitely give it a second chance. maybe not on a saturday tho.i was going to give it 2 stars but the pulled pork nachos were so good i gave it 3.|2|0|0
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|bDuVjoGOoilJEgfhM1iQfg|4|Love Geoff's. I'm there almost every two-for-Tuesday. The Frigid Bitch and The Juggs are my favorite. I love the turkey there, so I usually stick to the fowl menu. And the pickles are fantastic!4 stars is based on the food alone...the place desperately needs some cleaning up, and new tables and chairs :(|1|0|0
SWwP5Na6Z_-rrrt7z0yVmQ|R_45B2f2kZlPBf6Y-z_VfQ|5|Yummy flavors!! The banana-rama is my favorite so far. Val is always in the kitchen making new flavors. She uses Rhody Fresh milk and no preservatives. Only the best ingredients. I will get a pudding pop whenever I see her.|0|0|0
G7zdZt33PU_Gfmt3qHD88w|RAuO7sZCpnCMZ18BKbQ60A|2|Their food isn't all that great.  Their service blows.  There are better options within a few blocks.  skip this joint.|0|0|0
HCCoVdXfEViQ0V0WIeI_xA|jIX1XJicVAPdsYbstzQB0g|4|This has become my newest go-to for weekday lunches downtown.  I find there's a shortage of affordably priced joints that will serve you more than some wilted iceberg on your sandwich, or who consider only shredded carrots and two slivers of onion sufficient for a "salad."   The chicken and turkey are the carved variety, rather than deli-sliced, too.Souper Bowls recently changed their menu over and from what I've heard, it will be remaining.  The emphasis is now more on sandwiches than soups, and it's got an interesting selection of salads and hot dogs.  The choices for sides have expanded too.  It's a bit small inside (a small bar and only about 4-5 tables), so plan to take your lunch to go during busy hours.I've never gotten anything from here that I didn't enjoy and while I probably wouldn't make a trip from outside the city for it, if you're looking for lunch downtown, it's a winner.|0|0|0
EqOxdxn_ziCSkj988ERTgw|qdbrjXOppQHWkWg_QvFC8Q|1|Superb service!! The meal (quality of food) was terrible.|1|0|0
wMXggu190ZT0smWMicTG-g|smK233okr7aII6RNRgL4QA|4|Not too sure about this place food was amazing but the atmosphere was horrid.  Loved the food. I had a stuffed hamburger... With blue cheese... And a side salad with their balsamic house dressing it was absolutely fabulous. One soup two hardy meals and two fountain drinks 32.50. I wasn't overly pleased with the seating. We walked in and were awkwardly starred at by the birthday party hovering over the entry way. We were greeted with "are you here for the show? If not seat your self" mind you at any of the awkwardly placed tables or outside in the cold. We picked the cold over the awkward tables and were seated next to two guys drinking way to much and playing fetch with their dog they brought with them. The waitress joined in with the game of fetch and promised she washed get hands in between. .... Not so sure about this place great food horrid atmosphere.|0|0|0
wfS1G5lrjx_SGWBuG2690g|fgzn8U3A_XnkvumO9BtGwQ|5|All I care that my food was great and that my wife was happy. Yes it would be nice to have little more space and little less Christmas lights in the beginning of October - but who cares, you cam to the restaurant for food and service, right? And those too things are great in Pot Au Feu.|0|0|0
ZCNv3o4kekN2PPUTlP294w|DLS3QAUGD9mbGxDu0dCw2w|4|Great intellectual tavern setting to grab a drink with friends.  I used to love their Sunday Night trivia. Stick with drinks here are their food is subpar, but then again if you're going to the Colonial for food when dozens of quality restaurants are nearby then you're probably not investing the effort to read online reviews and thus will not care what I say.|0|0|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|V7WRPWSjV6x0LFPkrgsTig|4|This place is great.  By the water, good view of the river, with an excellend seafood selection.  I have had dinner here on several occasions while in Providence, on business, and I have never been disappointed.Last time I was there, we ordered oysters, from their excellent raw oyster selection, which is nice and diverse.  I had a bowl of french-onion soup as an appetizer, and a 2lb. steamed lobster as my entreee.  Everything was well prepared, and the lobster was done just right.  Not overcooked, or rubbery at all.Finished it off with the key-lime pie for dessert, and it was a great meal.  I would recommend going here, as I think it is one of the better seafood restaurants in Providence that I have visited.|1|0|1
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|Q3bUbClff0KSF1m9Vu9FgQ|5|Best slice on Thayer.  Every type of topping and combination you can think of.  Best crust ever.  The staff is friendly, the food comes out hot, and the quality of the product is amazing.  The prices are crazy .. a slice and a bottomless fountain Coke for $4.50.  There is a lot of competition on Thayer for pizza (Antonio's directly across the street, and the new pizza-in-a-cone place up the street, to name a few).  Nice Slice gets it done RIGHT, every time.|0|0|0
PUcbOM5EdCijAhFN9GAtBw|5rMLh-7bIZWMZCXSKO-Xfg|5|There is no place in Hope Street that comes close to the variety and quality of their pizza|0|0|0
5Qg4di7XxZiR8RJ62hYXag|j-yXAQo-kIikdg5rmwtkeA|2|Adequate, but not somewhere I will seek out in the future.   I was there with a group of 6 for drinks on a Friday at 5.  The place was about 1/10 full or less.  Service was a bit slow considering the empty establishment.  The menu looked like it would be very disappointing for healthy eaters who might be there with a group looking for traditional Irish food - in particular our group had to laugh at the typical and disappointing triumvirate of options for vegetarians: a salad, veggie burger, or veggie pasta.   After we had been there about an hour the waitress did that annoying thing where they ask you to close out your bill so they can switch servers.  That is one of the quickest way to ruin a dining/drinking experience, in my opinion.  So, we left.|3|0|0
RD-icRypSMg6nA4Xy8dCUw|R_45B2f2kZlPBf6Y-z_VfQ|5|I love this place. Scallion pancakes and pan fried veggie dumplings. Soo good. Staff is so sweet and attentive. Thanks!|0|0|1
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|KJJ8j3jUmWe2KneTaIR0hA|5|Amazing food at great prices! Finally Providence has Seoul.|2|4|2
E39pbLivZFnQQrUR7nLOkg|U7TqaIqpSSPf789AXNSFDQ|3|Average food, comfy place...nothing special...the waitress was super nice and accomodating though|1|1|1
ezfOX2z0EOFH6UOQyrkRpA|zVDXzYonFd5V8c09zR-8mQ|2|My wife and I planned for a nice evening to celebrate our anniversary at the newest steakhouse in Providence. Nice decor though the lighting is very muted, friendly wait staff and seemingly an interesting menu. My wife ordered the fillet mignon and I the house specialty and most expensive item - the bone -in rib eye. While my wife's dish was cooked as ordered though the taste was nothing special. The real shocker came when I was presented with the bone-in rib-eye which was close to a 20 oz. but clearly not an aged or generous cut! The steak was a half-inch thick at best, poorly charred and clearly not aged ! I could have purchased a better cut of meet at Stop&Shop. Our very polite server took our wine order though brought the wrong wine ! :'((We didn't even bother to test the dessert...Will go to Ruth Chris' next time......|1|0|0
YrJzG2UyF6ux2A9v5-fLXA|a-_u38pbjz1NVGjiPqSuEw|1|Awful service -  waitress sighed and rolled eyes as an elderly man was  deciding what to order at an early, weeknight dinner, with only one other couple in the restaurant! Food was tasteless. Charged an 18% gratuity for a party of 5. First ever on-line review, hoping to spare someone else from the bad experience.|0|0|0
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|UPKN22d0W7bByvhSxTxCMw|4|We only stop in for apps. but as always the food was great. The sea scallopwas done perfectly! Caramelized over the grill it had a great smokey flavor.  The other dish was the foie gras and it was done well also. My only complaint would be the fact that some of the veins were left in the liver.The drinks were great with the right amount of each component.Service was impeccable and friendly. I would recommend Mills to anyone interested in fine dinning.|0|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|MuGxIIrcGJ7FnxU7kTPNBw|2|Came here for lunch not too busy. They offer breakfast all day which was a plus but I opted for lunch. Chicken bacon brea wrap nothing special, tasty but no more then any other wrap I've had. The waitress was nice enough but didn't ask if we wanted any thing more before dropped off the check. I wanted to take home half of my wrap but the waitftress dissapaired before I could ask. If I'm going to eat on Wickenden there's plenty of other places to chose from.|0|0|0
_BG8WroxU2JbZSij6VWx_A|eYDEXspm3lObXRg80Gjwtg|4|Can one find salvation in a bar?  If so, Ri Ra is my personal Jesus.  I was out in Providence with my mom and grandmother on the annual "see all the relatives before they kick off" tour and, after 10 hours of visiting, I needed a stiff beverage...or 5.  This, being the only place in the immediate area open until 2:00AM on a Sunday (a blessing for someone still on west coast time), heeded the call, in spades.Praise Ri Ra!|2|3|2
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|__2Xu2F0Z1gAodYpIdOsCQ|4|While visiting Boston, it seemed as if everyone knew about and loved going to Antonio's in Providence, Rhode Island, so we ventured out for a night so I could see what the hype was about. I was ecstatic to try the cheddar potato pizza. Up until this point of my life I hadn't tried anything unique on my pizza... Antonio's had so many options to choose from! I got the cheddar potato, red sauce tortellini and the pesto tortellini. All were fabulous! I will definitely go back if I am ever in Providence again!|1|0|1
SkY-3itZowxA9lByHVX2Dg|wM3CIcnrbz4g10Dd-1Jzlw|2|This place is only OK if you go right after work.  Otherwise it's fist pumping idiot college age kids and turns into Dance Party USA.They bill themselves as an "Irish" bar but don't be fooled.  The first time I discovered this split personality disorder was during a Sox/Yankees game.  The place is big and has tons of TV's.  We had a table of 10 and were all eating and drinking.  Once it got to be about say 9pm the manager came over and said he has to remove our table and chairs.  Huh?  We are in the middle of eating, drinking and watching the game.  All the bar seats were occupied and he wanted us to get up, cash out and then find somewhere to stand.  The whole reason we got there early was so we had a place to sit!They then turn off the sound for the game and some idiot DJ starts yelling Yo, Yo, Yo!!  Time to get the hell out of there.  When we were leaving there was a line of skanks and college bros lined up down the street.  Not my scene.As I mentioned before, if you go after work it's just OK.  The floors are usually still sticky from Snooki and Co. and the bartender's skills only include twisting off a cap for you.  Way too many great bars and restaurants in Prov to bother coming back.|2|1|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|pUrXypNPaj9WJn8rc6yGFQ|4|Love the fairtrade organic selection. wish the vegan baked goods would return or at least a similar option to enjoy with my coffee.|0|0|0
-_FvwOM3_wku2zHiLjibgg|KdjIgZEQcQ-LlZ_aaAS-zA|5|Another wonderful  night out at my favoriate place on a beautiful waterfire night!  This place is always great and a beautfiul but trendy/casual atmosphere, however when you dine on the veranda, that is the beauty of the dining experience.  We once again sat outside with a perfect view of the waterfires.  We were not rushed at all as we started our night with appetizers to dessert.  We had the Baby Lettuces salad which was bursting with flavor, and big enough for just about 3 people to share. I have my personal favorite, scallops and shrimp composed plate, which is so light and savory at the same time, the perfect sauce to compliment delicate seafood over summer vege's. And my guest had the Beef Short Rib plate which they raved about. We finished with a dessert that was suggested by our waiter as the best one they offered, Chocolate Butterscotch Parfait, and well he was right.  We never save room for dessert but made ourselves this time and were not dissapointed! Service was top notch, food, atmosphere, but it has been everytime and I never expect less!|0|0|0
ezfOX2z0EOFH6UOQyrkRpA|26Y-67KTR5pLdp7veHbIZw|5|So I know I've gone on the record with my general dislike of chain restaurants, but what the heck, sometimes there have to be exceptions to the rules.  And with only chain Steakhouses in RI to choose from... whats a man to do.  So my Godson turned 18 and figured it was time for us to go out for a mans dinner and get a mans steak.  Se we headed to Flemings with visions of perfectly seared beef dancing in our heads.  I made a reservation because they we're offering $25 dollars off your bill if you did, so why not.  In the reservation request, there was a spot for special occasion so I put in birthday.  We showed up a few minutes early and gave my name and we we're warmly greeted by the hostess and quickly wished a happy birthday.  Off to out table.. I really like the dining room here.. lots of dark woods and perfectly lit.. nothing drives me more crazy than a restaurant with the lights on full blast...  We we're quickly greeted by our server and she brought with her a birthday card signed by the staff.. a nice touch.  Even before I get to the food... I have to say... this place has probably the best group of front of the house staff I have ever experienced.  Coming from someone who has worked in the restaurant industry for 15+ years.. they are a class act.  From the host to waitress, to the floor manager.  All came over and wished my nephew a happy birthday and we're warm and genuine and nothing but smiles.  I was impressed, which doesn't happen very often... I'm a little jaded.So, anyways.. the food.  Boom goes the dynamite.  Delicious.  Perfectly cooked steaks, I had the rib-eye, my nephew had the rib-eye Oscar with king crab and Bearnaise sauce.  Tender, flavorful, perfect.  We got the mashed potatoes and jalapeno mac and cheese for sides... the mac and cheese was cheesy and smokey and with just enough heat.. so good..  it took all of our self restraint to not lick the spoon and the bowl.Desert.. another treat... so after our meal, our waitress Stephanie...(who was great) brought out  a small chocolate cake for the birthday boy (... like a cake big enough for 4 people to split... for free.. and it was awesome.)  and I got the creme brulee... which was also perfectly done.  The texture was amazing, and it was the perfect temp.. another pet peeve of mine is when creme brulee is ice cold.. hate it.  This was slightly north of room temp.. perfect.All in all great experience... on the pricey side.. but it is to be expected.   Stop in you will not be disappointed.|1|0|1
YA1V1bpw0PPjAmztikduNA|HrmqhXOYC9ohbpkl0ynz7A|3|The first time I came here I got a spinach and cheese calzone. They asked if I wanted more stuff in it and I said sure. Added in some ricotta and pepperoni. The calzone was delicious.The second time I ordered the chicken parm. The calzone was overcooked, and the chicken was dry, chewy, and the breading crunchy. It was quite gross and I felt ill afterwards.Jury is out.|0|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|kxXd2El7B4GTf97OILggWw|3|I only ever get the food togo, the burgers are pretty good and the fries are tasty. I don't ever come here late at night because I've seen waay too many fights going on outside. Decent lunch spot though.|0|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|6a_3skPllR-9XmaxS1ot_Q|2|Smelled like a urinal.  I stayed and ordered despite the smell..  I could not enjoy being there for a moment because the tables are so close it was impossible not to hear everyone's conversation!  The food was okay but nothing above average. I may order take out from here if I can recover from the disgusted feeling I am left with after my first experience!|0|0|0
QadrDmx4k6Tl7QDz4fAWdg|-WKjn01_qaRxln2ChXU4FA|4|Great place for a hangover coffee fix. They have their own way of doing things at this place and I didn't get it right but I ended up with a good coffee and some kind of pastry while I threw off the shakes and snooped on the brown kids back early from summer break. If you ever want to see people who love love love college, sit in this place for awhile and it'll wear off on you. Good place, great coffee.|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|EAeG8nT-a5-4k_VkFZHKmw|5|I love you Al Forno! Thank you. My wife and I come to this restaurant every three months or so. It is on the expensive side if you add in desert and drinks, but worth it!I have tried the dirty steak which you will find a lot of reviews on. It is not my favorite, but it was pretty good. We absolutely love to start with the margarita pizza. Then move onto the five cheese pasta dish. They've made it with squash, asparagus, but the best is with the corn during the summer months!We've been told on previous visits they get all their veggies from a local farm. It is a great experience. Just make sure you get their early because their is a line for a reason. It is yummy!Enjoy!!!ps. get the blueberry tart when in season!  YAY|1|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|JYfvJLrRAXPQdZj8WdGTfQ|2|After years of walking by, I finally had the experience of Fire & Ice for a friend's birthday bash.Not much of a wait for a table, considering the place was fairly packed, so no complaints there.What troubled me about this place was, I'm not a cook. I eat out so that others do my cooking, and bring me my food (more on that later). I make do at home, but I sure can't make a porterhouse to perfection, or a sublimely flavored alfredo.I understood that this was a Mongolian grill setup, but I just wasn't ready for having NO clue what goes with what. "Is cilantro good with chicken?" "I guess so, try it".So I chose upon shrimp (empty bowl, line backing up) and chicken (wayyyyyyyyy too much salmonella-laced chicken encrusting the tongs) alfredo, and mixed it up with some teriyaki for a change.So, the 10 minute cattle line to grab all the fixings done, we head to the corral grill, where you watch your food sit, alongside everyone else's food. That said, it was a thrill to get baby corn in my alfredo. :)That's another 10 minutes. Did I mention, my beer is getting warm, as I have to stand here watching my food cook? And half my group is on the other side of the grill? And some others are already back at their table? Others still in the raw meat line?As others have said, it's a logistical nightmare for a group of people.Back to the waitstaff. Great, personable, happy people. That bring you drinks. Extension of the bartender. So I sit there and wonder, what do I tip? She surely didn't take my order. No need to check if "everything is ok". If my food is cold, it's *my* responsibility to take it back. If it's underdone (thankfully not, as I couldn't tell in the dark conditions. Have to more or less taste it for doneness. That's wonderful with chicken.) She just swings through every now and then to refresh drinks. Which I could go to the bar for anyway. I think it's an insult to other servers to give a full 18-20%, as these servers didn't have the full job of *waiting* on me. But, lo and behold, 18% autogratuity, that I can't fight, as I'm part of a group.Not to mention, the LOOOOONG lines if you want seconds or thirds. So, it was a 2-hour, $30 with tip, substandard, mostly tasteless meal, that only I have responsibility for. My recommendation, go to Shogun. Fresh food, entertainment, same price range, and it tastes GOOOOOD, because it's made by experienced cooks.Good one time experience, but they can't really expect repeat customers, IMO. Would be one star, but the server was really nice.|1|1|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|PGkMTm3hiermfR6TE498bw|3|This local pub was a bit hard to find - feels like an old school underground pub with no sign on the door. Good find though if you're looking to have a few beers and hang out. There is an upstairs and downstairs which is great for the busy weekends, but if you're looking for food, the upstairs has a very limited menu compared to downstairs. Overall, Red Fez had a good atmosphere and vibe. We did end up eating there - had the Mexican style corn on the cob which was below average compared to what we've had from other places, but the scallops we ordered were really good. Most of us had the burger which was average. The mac and cheese was also comparable to others - nothing exceptional so we would likely go back for beers but probably not the food again.|0|0|0
VXAJvtWSzeFzZinJRs75rg|QEyjGVE9MSLvk-BS0Z3O2Q|4|While my boyfriend attended school up in Providence, we would often frequent Spice.  We're big fans of thai.  Most of the time we were the only ones in there.  Thai iced tea is pretty solid.  Pad Thai is very sweet but pretty good.  As far as thai goes, its really not that good, but the atmosphere is nice and staff is accommodating.  In the mood for a little buzz?  Order the scorpion bowl.  I have no idea what is in it, but it's pretty good and goes down easy.  Comes with a free appetizer.  The Thai quesadilla was a favorite of ours and no we can't tell you what was in it or what it is, and neither can the staff.  Don't ask,  Just order.  I will def miss spice.  A lot of happy memories and good meals.|0|0|1
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|yMfkw9r6bhqC0sUSvbPLpQ|2|The food was good, and the 3 of us shared a total of 4 crepes and 1 belgian waffle so I'm pretty sure everything on the menu is relatively tasty. HOWEVER, the guy making the crepes had a total attitude problem. I don't care if you make crepes all day and you hate your job/life, but I did NOT appreciate all the head-shaking and sighing and generally pissed-off look that he had the whole time we were there. Nor did I enjoy his slamming my credit card on the counter and throwing a pen at me to sign the receipt. Good food does not compensate for horrible customer service, no excuses.|3|1|2
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|vlehgFdySB62xExGaaqEow|4|The Fez is two places in one, in essence - homey and comfortable restaurant downstairs, with a dive-ier, kitschier bar space upstairs.  Each is equally excellent for what it does, and the two spaces could relatively easily cohabitate in a single space if the real estate allowed for it.  Instead, you get two separate treats.  I particularly like sitting at the bar itself upstairs, but for groups, the tables are accommodating and allow a decent crowd to build up without being on top of each other.  The selection is decent, and service is relatively attentive, even on busy nights.In the restaurant downstairs, the food is a seasonal menu with a few semi-regular items sticking around through the changes in foliage.  Portions are handsome, and the ingredients are fresh and savory.  Also, I feel like this place could hang a sign outside that said "If you like cheese, EAT HERE" and those that came in exclusively for that reason would be handsomely rewarded.  Instead, it's subtle - you realize over several visits as you try their various offerings that virtually everything on the menu that features cheese is standout.  I have typically experienced somewhat slow service here, but it kind of matches the pace of the food you're there to eat, so it hasn't bothered me too much, except on the couple of occasions I've taken my kids for the mac & cheese.  Still, if you go in with the word "leisurely" in mind, you'll be in good shape.  For bonus fun and good karma, take the menu's advice and buy a round for the kitchen staff.  The uproarious clatter they raise when they get the news is a good time for the whole downstairs.  A great spot for food and drink...just around the corner.|0|0|0
SKfMzNiCSCURK2ATaZFzZQ|l7UKQ6DmtkwnJwUsV7KF8A|1|I've had OK sandwiches here (the california chicken sandwich is great), but today I had an experience I needed to share. The roast beef sandwich is so stringy and chewy that it's impossible to eat. From the two bites I was able to have before it turned into eating rope, the flavors were good, but it's inedible now. For $9, I'd like a sandwich I can eat.|1|1|0
J4lY9l9LsKWBTa49cY0-mw|4TCOItk-gIJROyNA5ftZ-Q|3|First visit with a friend on a non-busy Wednesday, and overall it was a good experience. We ordered the wings appetizer (smoky and delicious) and split the duck pizza (again, delicious, though I think it could have used more duck b/c it wasn't prominent w/ all the cheese, frisee and mushrooms). The actual space also seems a bit schizophrenic, on one hand, it's a beautiful historical space with lots of wood and care for details like lighting which gives it a higher end vibe, but then you notice all the TVs which are all turned on to sports. When I got the bill, I momentarily thought that I was having pizza at Al Forno due to the sticker shock ($12 for the small wings appetizer (4 flats, 4 drums) and $20 for the duck pizza was a little steep for the portion sizes), but it turns out that I was billed for a second pizza I hadn't ordered and   I ended up having to have the bill adjusted. Overall, if I had to just rate flavor, I would give a 4. However, because the pricing is a little bit on the high end for what you get and the service overall was nice but slow considering the place was 80% empty, this place gets a 3 with room for improvement. Worth return visits for flavor though.|0|0|0
QadrDmx4k6Tl7QDz4fAWdg|uMSNXawulpm9TxrLgm_k5Q|4|I've been to Blue State a couple of times, and I've enjoyed it both times.  But I haven't had the plain old regular coffee before, so I can't really comment on that...I had a latte once, which was fine, and last night I had a hot chocolate, which was actually really good.  Plus I decided to purchase some bags of white peony tea, which they didn't have readily available, but which they packaged up for me anyways.  They didn't have to do that, but they were nice people.My friend and I sat down in the fluffy chairs, sipped our drinks, had good conversation, and killed some time before the concert we were going to see.  Blue State proved to be a good place to do those things.  Plus they support causes that I agree with and they use compostable materials.  A-ok in my book.|1|0|2
VmWymzt1wSYtjpm6oDXFjA|TJIUgajve5gQtFuWtzYfrw|4|i've lived in providence now for 5 years & this is the FIRST time i've had drunken noodles that were actually drunken noodles & not just some greasy over-cooked pile of large flat rice noodles prepared as lomein with eggs. this was the real deal, & no, not the best drunken noodles i've ever had but still good: not too greasy, VERY spicy, fresh ingredients & i am so glad i tried for this dish one final time & at pakarang. i will definitely go back & try other dishes...& hopefully they will also prove to taste like actual thai food & not just some muddled flavors of random areas of asia like soooooo many of the other thai restaurants in providence serve. one complaint: a few dollars more per dish than the average thai restaurant.|1|1|1
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|TnvayOTx4hObOo0LYIpHhA|5|When I lived in Providence, this was one of my favorite places to be a semi-regular at. I consistently went in for drinks/chips/salsa and sometimes some food one or two nights a week one summer and always sat at the bar. Within a couple weeks the bartender knew my face, name and we'd exchanged life stories to an extent. It's a couple years later, and every few months I'll walk in and he'll still remember me and asks how I'm doing. Not a bad way to do business.I've never paid for chips and salsa, so I'm not quite sure if that's unique to my situation (since I'll admit, quite a few drinks tend to disappear off the bill also). I almost always order pitchers of margaritas or sangria (which is delicious by the way) to split with my friends and have never once been able to  say that they were not strong enough.  The food's always been good. I mean, not great but it's so inexpensive I can't imagine complaining. I like their garden quesadillas, they have lots of veggies in them.Overall, it's a very inexpensive bar that you can get some pretty decent food at and I have ALWAYS had fun when I stop in.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|Lk2v1UguYZ9aPEUVDGMEzA|4|Super cheap super fast food.  Outdoor seating is great for people watching and for enjoying the weather.  The food is great for a super cheap super fast food place, but not good if you're expecting something gourmet.You walk in, stare up at the menu, and order your wrap / plate while the guy assembles it in front of you a la Subway style. They have a ton of toppings, and I usually get everything expect hot sauce but with extra yogurt. My favorites so far are the chicken plate (HUGE) and the gyro wrap. Definitely make a stop if you're in the mood for a pita wrap or need to find a place for a quick lunch.  It's also opened super late, but then it's full of drunk college kids.|0|0|0
pZnk9tKEHrEIHq0NfSzXRA|9SdskAHSM2-453lJ9RcEzg|5|how can you say no to BYOB tapas? better yet, how can you say no to cozying up at the bar watching your food spring to life while meeting all sorts of neat people? bring elbow grease b/c it's tight as all heck in there but everyone's in the mood to share. ordering is a little tricky but the staff is great at explaining. or, you can do what i do and order everything! (some things more than once). went the first time shortly after they opened and still drool whenever i think about the jamon croquettes. sadly they didn't have them the second time i went but the garlicky sauteed squid, the patatas bravas, cod dumplings, mushrooms (i could just list the whole menu) were more than adequate to fill me to the brim. finish off w cafe bombon- strong drip espresso w condensed milk for the perfect ending.|0|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|57nvRawPGVvf5GpUgTdh2Q|3|neat concept but can be confusing i don't think my waiter liked me though. I won't be back though because my fiancee hated it.|0|0|0
SebzGPx68D3cMaLcoHSfUA|5wtXDazKU4v1mIyLQeWFRw|4|Sherri's is a nice cafe in Downtown Providence.  Their coffee is excellent and their prices are good.  They have a card system where after 10 purchases you get a free coffee.  I always forget to bring my card, but they generally remember you and will give you a few extra stamps if you tell them you forgot it the last time.  They serve your standard cafe pastries and breakfast items.  I do find their lunch menu to be rather lacking for vegetarians.  I have never seen a daily special that didn't contain meat.  They do have a couple sandwich options though.  They have a pretty good hummus wrap, their eggplant parm sandwich is pretty decent and they have a grilled cheese that Ive always found to be standard.  They have salads also, but they're nothing spectacular.  The place is fairly large for a cafe, but it's always been pretty empty when I have gone there.  I've always been surprised that they don't get more of the downtown business crowd.  It's cool that they have a beer and wine license now and sell a few different bottled beers.  The main problem I've found is with parking.  They are right next to restaurant with valet parking, so most of the street parking is reserved for the valet.  They do have some metered spots out front, but they aren't usually available.  Minus the parking inconvenience, the place is pretty good.  I would highly recommend stopping in for an inexpensive lunch.  It's also located rather close to the bus station, so it's a nice stop for public transport commuters too.|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|Rj4te83EIpMYTCeCN6n5Jw|5|The moment I entered The Duck & Bunny I was pleasantly surprised by the clean and light filled atmosphere - the rich dark color of the bar offsets the light gray and white walls and marble tables and fireplace in the main room.  I stopped in recently just to have some iced tea and to scope out the place, so this is just a brief general overview of my impressions.  (The Jasmine tea was amazing and so refreshing)  One thing I really appreciated was that the large blackboard menu was neatly written and very easy to read, unlike in many other restaurants.  Also, the actual menus were so elegant and artfully created.  Each of the menu selections is paired with a suggested and described wine choice.  Just to read their selection of teas alone, is worth the visit.   The theme of the Duck and Bunny is carried out in the artwork on the walls,    which adds a touch of humor to the experience.  I found the servers to be very friendly and delightful, unlike some reviews written on this space. The Duck and Bunny is a really a very special place in Providence, and I will be back very soon, next time I'm in town, because I can't wait to taste one of their crepes and famous mini-muffins.|1|0|1
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|Ki3cdv0PBezkVVykNuhU6A|2|First off i wanted to say that the dish my wife had the Chicken Madeira was Fantastic.  The dish itself had great flavor and was a pleasure to sample and a pleasure for her to eat. My True issue was with the Shrimp Scampi,  Not only is this one of your most expensive dishes it really is most likely one of the easiest.  First off the Shrimp themselves were not "scampied" they were tempura batter and fried, though they did have a good taste.  The pasta and the sauce on the other hand was just so dull when the waiter asked how this dish was I said it was so so because if i kept adding salt there would have eventually been some type of flavor.  After mentioning this to him he went in the back and got two dishes of the garlic sauce and brought them out.  After adding the content of both of these and then realizing that when the dish came out it had none of the items in these new sauce he brought out, Garlic, zucchini, and flavor!  Once this was done the dish tasted great the way it was supposed to and I ate it all.  My issue is the point that i should not have had to ask for the more sauce and should have had all of the ingredients in the dish the first time.|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|7Jt1EbG3Vmrd9osByQSQpg|4|I went last night with a friend and needed to yelp about three things you absolutely must try if you eat here:1.  the pomme frites - with truffle oil and a dusting of parmesan cheese - heaven2.  the bacon wrapped dates - Oh...my....god....is all I can say.  I would go back and eat three orders of them myself, and maybe a salad.  Not at all greasy, how do they do that with bacon???3.  the hot chocolate cupcake - it comes in a coffee cup and saucer; more like a hot lava cake with homemade whipped cream and a dusting of cinnamon.  Definitely don't share this with a friend.I would have given it five stars except the crepe was ok, nothing memorable.  Also, we were there in a room with a large group.  People, I'm not sure how the word "snuggery" inspires someone to book a table for 20 but they did and made the place feel very cramped.  That said, our waitress was awesome and made sure we didn't get eclipsed by the needs of the mammoth party (who were very polite by the way).  All in all a great experience and I would go back in heart beat for those dates...|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|TFQ5IWopxjGyMgyEKb4Kng|5|My second experience with gluten free pizza. And holy tomato sauce, I didn't miss the real thing at all (my first experience at a different restaurant sucked). Super nice guys at the counter that helped me pick a good pie. This place is a savior for the gluten free... So many options.  Good prices, good service.  A great spot to pickup a quick slice (although you have to wait longer for GF, as they aren't pre-made).  A+|2|0|1
qylEvwzt5M_p7QTveZlEvQ|vlehgFdySB62xExGaaqEow|4|Refined and comfortableAbove average sound qualityFulfills a niche needMy wife and I gave The ROI a shot this past Saturday evening for after-dinner drinks and live music, and we were pleased with the results.  (We didn't sample any food on this go-round.)  I liked the effect of descending into the space, mildly obscured from view as you first enter, greeting the entrant gradually with an expanding view of the bar and dining area, the music's vibrancy rising as you make your way lower, and the atmosphere fully on display once you reach the dining floor.  Everyone knows the best jazz joints are nearly never above or at street level, after all. The space is used well - there is a welcoming, casual/sleek bar with ample seating as you first make your way in, some room beside it to stand and mingle, and dining is primarily to your right, as is the stage.  It's bigger than you might first imagine from the street, but not cavernous. The pattern of tables and booths seems well-suited for people who would like to take in the music show aspect, as well as those more there for a dinner with acquaintances who are satisfied to simply overhear the show as background. As a performance venue, the stage is commodious without a trade-off in intimacy, the sound system was right on par, and the performers themselves were very capable.  There was a range in the set from an instrumental, percussion-heavy version of Stevie Wonder's "Don't You Worry 'Bout A Thing," (a favorite of mine), some golden age crooning style tunes, and even a little Al Green "Let's Stay Together" riff that omitted select Motown-ness but kept the spirit and added a little pep.  So, not a pure jazz joint, per se, but in keeping with the type of venue we could use around here. The cocktails we got were tasty and well-executed, but not specifically special or original; my Post-Op Buzz, for example, was essentially a martini-glass take on a blended Black Russian.  And I liked it - but I likely would have gotten it for a good deal less than $12.95 had I asked for a Black Russian.  Part of that is cocktail economics, but part of that is just plain high prices for the area.  On the flip side of that - there was no cover for what is a bar/restaurant AND a competent music venue, so that's a trade-off worth noting. The bartender was a man who was built like a bull and spoke like a professor - a very likable guy named Joe, I believe.  He was friendly and a credit to the establishment.  We talked vodka styles, and sampled one called Zubrwka Bison Grass - because after all, when one has a chance to sample a Polish bison grass product, you pretty much take that opening every time, do you not?  (It's just occurring to me that I don't believe that particular sample made it onto our tab, so many thanks to Joe for that one, and we'll get you back next time.)We'll be back for more here, likely trying dinner next, but I'm pretty sure we'll hew to the Saturday night slot, because the music (judging by reviews of sans-music nights or lunches) sounds like the real raison d'etre here.  Recommended for a try.|1|2|3
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|F6MPrQ5oxQL2Wq1v5ENDzA|5|This place rocks.....Casual, good, inexpensive, great tasting pizza....   I have never had anything that I did not like.Great choice, some of the best in the city......|0|0|0
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|nEfgsjRDRmxx7nNFVZi0jw|3|Good gourmet food in a town know for excellent restaurants. Upscale white cloth men's club atmosphere, with excellent service.  The fixed price appetizer, entree and dessert "Tavern" menu is a real steal at $29. Was particularly impressed with the calamari appetizer and molten chocolate cake dessert, less so with the breast of veal main entree - but still good. Certainly a good value.|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|7zDCeCydwiznc6k40L_ELQ|4|My favorite local coffee shop. The coffee selection itself is wonderful, and I like the atmosphere, too - professionals + college kids. My only complaint is that it's always crowded! Took me forever to find a seat.|0|0|0
6fz6hlH9LDkZ9jwtwBVOEQ|K52lKOTyc5cAbNW5IZ33rQ|2|I have been to this place three times.  When it first opened, it was always packed and really good. I think the food was very similar to the Paragon across the street which is my fave place on Thayer.  It has gone down hill since then.  It is always empty!  Perfect example, this past Saturday night, it was the only place on or near Thayer that had no wait.  The food and drinks are average, nothing to die for, the menu is sparse, and the wait staff is pretty rude and could care less about your experience.  My husband and I ordered the Chicken Finger BLT Wrap.  It came out with grilled chicken.  So I told the waitress I don't think this is what we ordered, since chicken fingers are universally known to be FRIED.  She said, no this is how it comes, and sorry, it does often confuse people.  I'm like, yeah no kidding!  So I sent it back and ended up with a ceasar salad instead, not exactly what I wanted on a Saturday night for dinner, but I also didn't want to hold up the rest of my party by ordering something else that would take awhile.If you want a drinks and appetizers bar type experience, this place is fine, otherwise don't bother.|0|0|0
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|DFvSD0NcDKIHTP_rrxUZ4w|5|My husband, son and I dined here for lunch. Let's just say I am very picky and find something to complain about all the time.  This place was ON POINT!  Great service & great food. The bathrooms were very clean.our waiter was awesome and very attentive as were the other employees we encountered.The menu was HUGE and there was so much to choose from.  We started with pot stickers and tex mex eggrolls. Both were delicious and a must try.  My son ordered the childrens pizza which was HUGE for a child sized portion (which is good because he loves pizza)  I ordered a lunch portion cobb salad. It was incredible. I can't for the life of me remember what my husband ordered but he said it was really good.. reasonablly priced.  The only thing I wish was I saved room for cheesecake. But it was not to be, I was to full from over eating our tasty meal.. we will for sure be back.|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|8uv8ZjJC1CzZPNj4LBFMVA|5|No pizza will ever be as good as a greasy slice from NY joint I would eat in my pre-vegan days, but Nice Slice is as close to vegan pizza perfection.Boyfriend (also vegan) and I were in Providence for a wedding and Nice Slice was recommended to us so we tried it. We got a pie of Vegan Earth Crisis (spinach, tomato, artichoke hearts, tomato sauce and vegan cheese) and we ate the entire thing. The Entire Pie. It was delicious! The restaurant is small; there are two bar-style tables and two small bars at which to sit and eat. There is also a small outside patio in the front where I imagine there is seating during the warmer months.Lots of Shepard Fairy art on the walls, local bands/art/news had stickers, cards, papers  available for the taking. Friendly service. Very clean.Next time we're in Providence we will definitely go back!The street (Thayer) looked like it would be a neat place to check out/walk around and if we hadn't had to catch a plane, we would have done just that.|0|0|0
jfZXp0POls-M2cgSxsS8fw|zBWePZiBcAJxvb3MKYqFRw|3|I went here a couple of weeks ago with my roommates. We walked in and the place was practically empty. There were only 2 other parties sitting. We started off with green tea ice cream as our app. Strange , yes but that is what we wanted. It was ehhh. It really just tasted like vanilla ice cream with a hint of green tea where as I wanted the green tea to be a more prominent flavor. I ordered the vegetable pad Thai. It was very flavorful but lacked vegetables I only had a couple pieces of onion and broccoli. I was very unimpressed with the plate presentation. It looked like they just threw the food on the plate. The plus of this restaurant is that it has a 20% discount for students so our meal ended up being pretty cheap.|0|0|0
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|V5h-FSg9LtdhCRB6_k61-g|3|I heard so much great stuff about this truck that I couldn't wait to try it. I think I must have caught them on an off day. It wasn't bad but nothing to get excited about. The biggest let down was the fact that they were out of half the menu, including the Fried Chicken special which was what got me off the couch to go find them to begin with.I settled for one of the Beef Bulgogi sliders and the sesame chicken slider with a side of the sweet potato fries that I heard much acclaim over. The sliders were quite delicious. Two was plenty for a meal. I definetely recommend the Bulgogi. It was awesome. The sweet potato fries were a big let down. They were limp by the time she handed them to me through the window. I think I will give them another shot in the future. I'll probably skip the fries though.|0|0|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|GZLCvzvRIDPCBkFtGXshPQ|5|Amazing Huevos Rancheros! Great service, friendly staff. Eclectic. The place for breakfast!|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|LcsWKU_HasM3S01mB8HWqQ|2|Much of the food was, as expected, wonderful.  The seared duck was fantastic, as was the grapefruit ice palette cleanser.  On the other hand, some fell short.  The poached egg  was under-seasoned and the goat cheese and honey was over sweet. I don't think any of the ice creams I tasted was very flavorful. Still, for the food I would give it a three or four stars.  What leads to two-star rating, was the service.  The main server was very curt, and not in a big hurry to take care of us, and, I'm afraid, that cast a pall on the evening.|2|0|0
GLdIHOP5VUCdgAiuQnKmPA|lP6X0JEsFT_I4lSTyi4HyA|5|Wow, can't believe I have yet to review South Street. Greattt atmosphere! And I noticed that they always play good music!! They are always pretty busy at night and around 5PM. Probably because their wings are amazing and the drinks are cheap! They have an impressive variety of sauces to chose from and they are  $0.50 a wing everydayyy all dayy.  I love it here. Never had a bad experience.|1|0|0
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|V_O7G1vY6_xFbh0KdoN71g|4|GO FOR LUNCH! It's really cheap for the quality of food you get! You can get an awesome fresh burger for a dollar more than a beef wrap at Eastside Pockets!TIPS:  You can substitute anything! I always substitute whatever cheese they have (on burgers, pizzas) with goat cheese instead of what's on the menu. I've also gotten olive spread on burgers that normally don't have them.Recommendations:- Kartabar pizza. I always put figs on my homemade pizzas now that I've tasted this.- Meditteranean burger. Love the goat cheese and red pepper combo.- Calamari corfu appetizer. I love how they mix in yellow peppers in with the calamari pieces.|0|0|0
ZCNv3o4kekN2PPUTlP294w|CiPuoYrG3ABdPbLMGjBIjw|4|I've always loved the Wild Colonial. Mr. H and I went here on one of our first dates many years ago and although that's not really part of my review of the bar, it is what keeps the WC in a happy little place in my heart. It's also the first place in Providence where I found Strongbow cider, so that sold me right there.The low ceilings and stone/brick walls charmed me, I love the architecture of old Providence. The beer selection is great and like I said, having Strongbow, a cider I drank gallons of in London, was a total score.Parking is free and plentiful and you usually run into at least one or two old friends in the bar. I've definitely had some very fun evenings at the WC.|1|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|IF9jWNtiHUd_UbOGfwHtYw|4|Meeting Street Cafe is great for lunch! I work nearby and stop in from time to time. The portions are massive! The cheeseburgers are the size of your head, the salads are made of at least one head of lettuce, and I could sail a boat across the soup bowls. For the location and type of food, it is a little pricey, but like I said, MASSIVE portions.The line can be a little long at lunch time, but not awful. And there are free refills on the soda, you just have to ask!|0|1|0
jfZXp0POls-M2cgSxsS8fw|6oa-O8pPzYAdBmWmgcTwew|4|Honestly there are a lot of seafood options in Providence alone.  Sushi in this town can be hit or miss.  Asian Bistro always delivers quality dishes, whether I want sushi, orange chicken, or both.  The owner is almost always present to greet, take orders, and welcome me and my party back.  The sushi selection is reasonably priced, which allows one to order a small roll with another entree.  Overall Asian Bistro offers quality food, friendly service, and a fortune cookie.|0|0|0
uJA6Perynk-drhKfX5Fh4w|fMFUNmmtkzBlYS0Gk_FVdw|3|Standard Johnny Rockets fare - good for takeout, a quick lunch with a friend or late-night shenanigans with a group. It's New England, so order your fries with a side of ranch dressing!|0|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|-Ecm_cRLt4WI9r0P9fBGeQ|4|Personally, I prefer Spats across the street but there's nothing wrong with Viva. On busy nights it's a little more of a club atmosphere as opposed to the more laid back environment at Spats. They have 3 different bars here so you'll always be able to find a drink. Definitely a good time.|1|0|1
AMcQOPu1hcSl7f6iguru3Q|68A0tpACNY02FcKqSBMuAw|1|I had the worst bar service here on a recent visit.  Shopping and needed a quick bite and ordered with the UNPROFESSIONAL bartender and was then approached by the manager about my order.  My dinner came out multiple times because it was wrong each time.  The gentleman that was sitting close by also had a bad experience and asked that they just take his dinner back and that he'd take the check.  He mentioned the level of unprofessionalism and bad food to me and I couldn't have agreed more.|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|fKWhNShAzd6nxbgADSqz8A|4|had the BBQ chicken pizza and it was delicious.  absolutely delicious. ever since i had it and came back to Washington i've been dreaming about it.|0|0|2
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|nv3LgMJL8P8KV0PDzzWPPA|4|Love Kabob and Curry. Never had a bad meal here.  We bring all our friends by this place. Staff is friendly and prompt. Food is consistently delicious.|1|0|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|Gd4oJcm5nZARiUoi7w8vfQ|3|Went to H's for an afternoon date with the ladies.  We sat in the bar.  There were a few large parties there and also a lady with what appeared to be a bath mat on but that's another story :).  So we ordered some cock-a-tails, I had a vodka soda, one friend had a beer, the other had a bloodymary (eewww!).  When the drinks arrived I was given a vodka tonic by mistake and I had to wait to find the waiter again to give me my requested beverage. He apologized and brought the drinkable potion.  My friend said the bloody mary was okay but I have never understood why you would drink pasta sauce, jk!  We ordered clams casino and smoked salmon to start us off. The clams casino were good and were accompanied by an asian sesame flavored coleslaw.  The smoked salmon was good as well and was accompanied by cocktail rye bread slices. Salmon could have used a few more slices of bread (there was 5 lil pieces but luckily we didn't fight over them).  After apps we ordered a garden salad, bowl of white chowder, fried shrimp entree w/fries, baked scallop entree w/salad and a bottle of white wine.  The salads and chowder came quickly but we were waiting a while for the entrees.  In the meantime we drank the wine and noticed that now the lady with the bath mat on removed it and under it had on a fuzzy sweater that was the same color as the bath mat-looking poncho thing that she had on earlier, def what not to wear but I digress!!!  The entrees were dropped on our table but without the normal asking of "do you need anything else?" which we did!  We needed ketchup for the fries and some seafood cocktail sauce would have been nice.  Ok, so then another waiter comes with another bowl of chowder which we didn't need and he angrily left in haste.  We really needed ketchup and finally my friend had to go to the bar to ask the bartender for it.  The waiter in general was nice but missed some important details.  After we finshed we paid the bill and still left a generous 20% tip cuz he was nice but next time I am gonna grab his wrist when he drops the food so that he doesn't scurry off!  Overall I'd say for what you pay the service could be a lil better and the food wasn't excellent it was good.  Go for apps and drinks in the bar and maybe with a big group you get more attentive service in the restaurant.  Ciao!|2|0|2
ezfOX2z0EOFH6UOQyrkRpA|VEj1OuO6QrQMXFhuMZJ8cQ|5|Fleming's Steak House ProvidenceIt's a chain. Get over it. Fleming's serves damn good bread...and it comes to your table on a wood cutting board fresh from the oven. Literally. So fresh that if you're not careful, you'll probably end up scorching off your tastebuds...Protip: have wine handy.The crust is thick and crisp with subtle overtones of real cheddar cheese. The soft bread-y interior is hot, doughy but completely cooked so as not to be chewy. The advantage of chains is that they do research to find out the perfect blend of parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme to toss in their dough so that the customers will always leave with dopey smiles singing Simon and Garfunkel tunes in their wine induced stupor. Oh...and seriously...chocolate covered after dinner soft mints...heck yes.|1|3|2
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|qTXaS4iDUOe2n7Pyh-tR7A|3|This place is super cute but I literally  could smell the hair of the person behind me I was so close to them + I was literally locked in my two person table because of the table flap. Holy claustrophobia!! The decor is super colorful + intensely fabulous.  But thats how they roll at the brick way. Bright + tight. Hostess was friendly + coffee came out fast! They can even seat groups of 5 in that narrow space- amazing! I got the breakfast sandwich with avocado with a side of home fries-- was good but portions were kinda dinky. My friend got the omelet and that was pretty good size.  Our total bill was $20. Eh... a little over priced for 2 coffies, an omelet and a sandwich but not awful. If you'd like a pleasant but close encounter for breakfast, this is your kinda place.|1|1|0
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|2L8Uz5L-AGHDpCADN7uVMQ|4|The English Cellar Alehouse is my favorite bar off of Thayer Street.  They have a large beer selection and a menu full English staples.  I've been there several times now, so I will give you a quick breakdown of each visit.  Every time I have been here, the service has been pleasant.The first time I was there was for a weekday lunch.  I enjoyed steak on a stick as an appetizer, and mac and cheese for lunch.  The I really enjoyed the food, and I can't wait to try more of their offerings.The second time I visited was for a birthday celebration.  It was a Sunday night, and they were offering live trivia. [They do this every Sunday night.]   The mood was upbeat, there was a small crowd, but nothing overbearing.  The trivia was very entertaining, and the drinks were great!I stopped in last night, but, I was disappointed with the crowd.  There was no seating available, and the staff looked overwhelmed.  I didn't stay very long.  Still though, the English Cellar Alehouse is highly recommended.|0|0|1
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|IF9jWNtiHUd_UbOGfwHtYw|3|We went to Tazza on Saturday night as part of a Birthday Party. There were about 14 of us total. We were basically the only people there for most of the night. Saturday night! I am not sure if that is typical, but it was odd. The inside is really cute. Dark, but cozy. We had some apps, which were fresh and tasty. The coffee was great! The key lime martini was amazing as was the chocolate martini! The vibe was a little weird. They had a DJ blasting tunes...but like I said, there were not many of us there. Also, it is part coffee shop, part bar. I did not really understand it, but we had a good time. Not a bad place, but not a place I will be rushing back to.|1|0|1
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|NfNpWY5yJWBlPjVk2szcyA|5|This is one of my favorite restaurants in Providence and so cute and charming. I've been many times now and the food is always amazing and the staff is always attentive and pleasant. While it can be a little pricey it's well worth it! I've never had a bad dish there, everything has always been delicious. They also typically bring out a little sample of something special the chef has put together for that night which is a nice touch.|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|pHXVQ0ypzTd7Jy7qBDOAJw|4|Hooray! A new and welcome thread being woven into the fabric of awesome international cuisine in PVD.Before the food even came I had a great feeling. We were led to the upstairs seating area by a friendly and welcoming face. Nice big red booths and a few deuces lined the perimeter of the converted upstairs apartment (bathtub and all), candles in lanterns on the tables, Ethiopian music playing created a cool atmosphere.It's a good sign when a new restaurant offers a limited menu - Yes. Please! Start small, learn, be open, adapt, respond to the people - as it seems Abyssinia already has done even since their very recent opening. There were still kinks in the service (3 people helping us out, roles seemingly undefined so we - and they - weren't sure who was in charge of what) but everyone was very nice.Having ordered a combo plate (all 5 veg dishes + 2 meat) I can't see any other way to go - bold, vibrant colors and textures were a feast for the eyes and smelled incredible. The combo's just a few dollars more than ordering only one of those items as a main dish. The beef and chicken dishes had tasty, intense flavor but the meats were tough and a lot of little bones in the chicken. I'll do just the veg combo next time because everything there was AWESOME - it was like tasting these familiar, modest ingredients (peas, lentils, collards, potatoes, beets) for the first time once married with the Ethiopian blends of spices -- food alchemy! It was so much fun to devour - just when you think you're too full for one more bite you spot another perfect bite to scoop up with the excellent bread. Oh, and BYOB, y'all!Welcome, Abyssinia!|3|2|1
BxmSFfCPQN_bg24l44a56Q|ZBx4G7WYHtAMJF7BP4FdPQ|5|Wow.  There really isn't a word except for WOW.  The decor is reason enough to visit.  Only open since Thursday (today is Sunday), it's a swanky new spot in the Financial District.  The detailing in the ceiling and walls is turn-of-the-century gorgeous.  The cocktails are not your average bar menu.  The bartenders wear white aprons and serve your drinks in old-fashioned martini glasses, a la MAD MEN.  The ice cubes are even well thoughout -- formed into perfect cubes.  The Up & Cumber was my favorite of the night and my boyfriend loved the Rye Generation.  Definitely a spot for a special occassion or for a night that calls for something out of the every-day neighborhood place.|1|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|hafcXRhwjSzEOpTxACqc9A|5|My favorite place in Providence. I love their grilled pizza, baked pasta and made to order desserts. The staff is very attentive and extremely helpful in recommending a wine. The place has been there for ever and the wait can annoy some but a must if stopping in Providence.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|46Fj-TdPlZuTvhTnNEjA0Q|4|In the mood for quick fast Mediterranean then this is your place! Yummy falafel, salads, jedra, baklava and of course the wraps! Super yummy!  When I used to live around the corner from this little piece of heaven I totally needed an intervention! For my waists sake, I've since moved.|0|1|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|4-Ze6DhlFonIrAAXhWSAMQ|4|Been here many times since my first review, the ever changing menu is outstanding and the quality of the food only gets better.Changed my mind about the drinks, $12 fruity drinks are -totally- worth it, Swampwitch please! Freshly made Mojito, yes please.Now I usually try the specials since the menu changes so often and I've rarely been disappointed. The service is still a little cold but you get used to it. -----At our first visit we were taken away by the flavor of the food and the audacity of the menu. Fewer items but now I understand why.We had the poutine for appetizer, OH MY GOD, I couldn't stop moaning about it. I had the macaroni and cheese with linguisa after reading the reviews on it, it was perfect, just, perfect. Husband got the pulled pork and he told me it was one of the best you'll find in Rhode Island.|0|1|0
it9mZRfzo9DsFmddSESLbw|Up0qlOHfNj57b3RtTEGA-A|5|This restaurant is delicious. The food and atmosphere is always intimate and consistent. I always order the tom-kah soup, chilled mango salad, and pad thai with vegetables. The portions are filling and the food is always served on fine China. The kitchen is impeccably clean. There is usually a crowd- it is popular with college students and families alike. There are only a handful of tables. The atmosphere is casual- no need to dress up & it is BYOB! This is a great date spot because the food never disappoints and it is relatively inexpensive. A true hidden jewel!|1|0|0
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|Jmi_yB73SZxFrsZjLjmoOg|4|Just about anything you can dream up for a pizza, Antonio's has got. Busy little joint on Thames, often packed with the college crowd. Be sure to get a frequent customer card to earn free slices.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|2Dr-IrL_eDjVpr7XYtdLig|4|I'm not a huge burger fan, but when I looked up the build-your-own menu, I was excited to try Luxe.  The space is much smaller than I'd anticipated, but cute with a bit of a retro vibe.  We had a reservation for nine and were seated immediately.Too. Many. Choices!  I'm notoriously indecisive anyway, so trying to decide what to put on my burger from a very long list of options was torturous.  I made the easy decisions first: Kobe beef burger (at only $10, why not??), medium rare, sesame bun...blue cheese...caramelized onions.....lettuce?...........BBQ sauce......................do jalapenos go with blue cheese?....................................no wait, tomatoes...............................................no wait, roasted peppers...............................................................no, jalapenos!  Thank you, Luxe, for putting erasers on your golf pencils, because I edited my selection three times.  My final choice (jalapenos) was very good, as was the entire combination.  The Gorgonzola tater tots, though not what I was expecting, were also amazing.  They look like mini arancini, but are actually gooey cheese and potato balls breaded and deep fried.  Not so healthy, but SO delicious.  I was more than ok with the small-ish serving size, since everything was so deliciously rich.  I left feeling comfortably full, even after my teeny tiny chocolate mousse, which lives up to its name (in a good way).I'd love to come back to try my hand at another combination!|4|1|5
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|kuiilNx6We_mhH99FgEUsA|4|Awesome... Literally can't say enough good things about this place..perfect for a quick meal.. And I always hear the same from everyone I talk to..A+|0|0|0
G7zdZt33PU_Gfmt3qHD88w|v8HF8RgPifcubYK7moi2mw|4|Sushi here is fresh and delicious.I am actually quite surprised at how reasonable it is given it's location. Everything on college hill tends to be a little pricey but SO and I had a boat which was a ridiciulous amount of sushi for two people and it was around $30.00. Although, the table next to us got the same thing and I swear it was gone in minutes so I guess it depends on the person.Second awesomeness factor is you get to bring your own booze. They don't seem to care how much you drink so take advantage.Service here kind of sucks but, whatever. They kind of stand in the corner with dirty looks on their faces like they don't want you there. Doesn't bother me though.|1|1|1
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|3XxsH5vS3yJDnYLxSnRu3A|4|In my humble opinion upstairs at the Red Fez is the best dive bar in Providence.It has a nice atmosphere, a good selection of beer and interesting people (I once ran into the members of Gwar here - out of costume they look very different)  If in the mood for some pub food, they purportedly have the best grilled cheese on the planet.  (I never tried it though)|2|1|1
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|R5-rFJlOe9r1i4kdr-kS3A|5|A friend invited me to come along and I am glad I did. She made a reservation for 6 because if you try to walk in with a party of 5 and under you are looking at a 2 hr wait. There isn't really a hostess so don't be surprised if you walk in and there is a full lobby of clueless people (BTW the lobby is REALLY small). Just wait until one of servers/hostesses comes by to confirm you or your party are present. *ADVICE* TRY TO GO WITH A PARTY OF 6 OR MORE, IT'S LESS OF A WAIT AND PORTIONS ARE HUGE SO YOU CAN SHARE.The vibe in the restaurant was mixed. It was upscale but I saw a lot of families. I wore a mini dress but I saw people in jeans. To be safe you can never go wrong with business casual.After our party of 6 was seated 30 minutes late, the host gave us a free appetizer pizza for the inconvenience. I am not sure what kind of pizza it was but is was delicious! We all decided to order different meals and share and I am so glad we did. The portions were huge and all 6 of us were able to try something new. One friend ordered the rabbit with dates, it's a little on the sweet side but delicious. It's decedent, so although you only get four, it's more than enough. Another friend ordered the scallops. They were fresh, flavorful, and huge. They also have a special called the "dirty steak" and I don't think I have had a steak so delish it melts in your mouth. I ordered the pasta with tomato, cream and five cheeses. It's such a simple pasta dish, creamy, cheesy, and not in the mac and cheese kind of way. It's a little heavy but worth it. I am eating leftovers as I type this (it's even better the second day). It is advised to order dessert when you order dinner because everything is made fresh. Whatever you do, ORDER DESSERT!  We ordered the cookie platter, chocolate bread pudding, and coconut cookie sandwich although the "cookie" was actually a brownie. I don't know how they made cookies so high end but it is. The assortment of cookie were warm, soft and flavorful. The platter also came with candied citrus and I was in love at first bite. The bread pudding is dark chocolatey goodness, warm, soft and huge. I only had a bite of the ice cream and it was different, i love coconut but i really couldn't taste too much of it.I don't consider Rhode Island a big player on the food scene but after dining at Al Forno it makes me excited to see what else Providence has to offer.|1|1|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|m-TsawGiLTkiZtRNXdYN2w|3|Olga's should be thought of as two separate entities. The bakery and the restaurant. The bakery routinely turns out top shelf confections, bread and other stuff. A+  and 5 stars all the way.On the other hand, the restaurant hype is undeserved. It's not that it's bad, but barring the home fries, there's just nothing special about this place. It's regular breakfast/brunch fare. Think combinations of eggs, toast, coffee and other breakfast fare. It tastes like anything you'd find at other places and ive never found anything to really draw me back or think of this place as something special. One star for them.All things considered, the bakery and restaurant neatly average 3 stars for the joint.|0|0|0
SkY-3itZowxA9lByHVX2Dg|-z2L3_8QgJv2qE1e5Y7N4g|4|This place used to be two other bars before it was taken over by this Irish bar/restaurant. The spot draws in the crowds as well, with a mix of college students and young professionals and older visitors. The place is quite large as well, having a seperate private room that is quieter and off the larger dining room. The place has three bars and then some games and pool in the back. Going here for work functions was always a treat, because the drinks are very good, with all sorts of beer and cocktails and then your run of the mill bar food and then dinner selections and sandwiches. On weekends it clears out the tables and opens the dining room up to a dance floor. During St Patricks Day, this place gets so packed, you cant even get in and a parade of bag pipers marches through the inside and throughout other bars in Providence. I would highly recommend this place to anyone wanting to grab a drink, hang out (plenty of TVs to watch sports) or get a meal that isnt fancy but average!|1|0|0
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|4woqfFrUcw7aQkhoS0cWSQ|4|To start off, I will say I am not a big fan of sauce on my food. The BBQ sauce they use here was too tangy for my tastes I thought. When it touched my lip, it burned a bit. However, I do know many people like this taste and it is probably due to the vinegar. On the other hand, I ordered brisket and pulled pork along with the corn off the cob and mashed potatoes. The brisket was tender and delicious. Very generous portions of each also. The pulled pork was FANTASTIC I thought. However, since I'm mentioning it again it would've tasted better for me if there were no additional sauce on top. The sides definitely complemented the pork and brisket well since it wasn't seasoned too much. I didn't taste much salt in the corn which was surprising since most establishments put too much salt in it in the first place. The cornbread was delicious also but I thought it could've been more moist but since I ordered it late at night I couldn't ask for much. Overall, the food was great for the price. Next time I will order it without the sauce on top. Since I'm also a college student this is very nice because I wouldn't have to eat the typical Chinese and pizza.|1|0|1
ezfOX2z0EOFH6UOQyrkRpA|s2jgNp-iJsDewSgPbj2ENg|5|If you want a great meal with great service and not have a care in world that you'll get a sub-par meal for the price - this is your place. Have gone here many times and each time I go, it gets even better, and I didn't think that was possible! Steaks are cooked to perfection. Even my wife, who gets her steak cooked well done (Yuck!) says it still has flavor. I would think any steak cooked well done would be crispy, but no! The sides are great too. My favorites are the marinated mushrooms and asparagus! The chocolate lava cake is great too. Wash that all down with an expresso and crown royal, and you're good to go. Don't get me wrong, you'll pay for it when the tab comes - but who can put a pricetag on good food and service.|0|0|0
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|fMFUNmmtkzBlYS0Gk_FVdw|4|The menu here is the size of a phone book, but luckily for the indecisive, you can never go wrong. The best use of your money here is the (week)daily happy hour, where appetizers are just $5. Order a bunch and split them!|0|0|0
_BG8WroxU2JbZSij6VWx_A|ziL8chrxFpGtA0oFQNUrwQ|3|So, I did, in fact make it back to RiRa, for St. Pat's. They had a great live band and a large crowd. I had a ride this time, so not paying to park was nice. However, they did charge a $10 cover.|0|0|0
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|FmcMprtEa79KhPzxD7GQcA|2|Visited a couple days ago... Very disapointing! Food was barely ok, mediocre service, place could use some spic-and-span, menu very limited... All in all, boring as hell. There are better places out there for Cambodian food. I can't give this place more than a 2 star.|0|0|0
G7zdZt33PU_Gfmt3qHD88w|1ixwaiLKd_xsrKN0x2BYkA|1|I used to go here. Never again. Why? Because the sushi made a whole party of 6 run for the bathroom for 2 days. They also have shit for service and besides the green bean roll I do not miss them one bit.|1|0|0
zOtmzrVbiiUjsqrPBLPq2w|3Q52-v9_QY4bJjmjOZ2kNQ|5|I dont get how the other reviewers here give this new place a one star. Now this is my third review for this place and have returned many other times since my last review. This place has a fun menus with great little bites on it. Tonight we enjoyed our pizzas from the upstairs menu and also some wings from the downstairs menu that is more laid back. About 200 different types of beers doesn't get old at all, ice cold and great with our meals.Upstairs has one of the best looking bars in town. It seems every time we come back both places are jammed, that's why we don't get the other reviews. We grabbed our desserts to go and also another pizza for the next day. One more time, Thanks again guys for the great meal and keep up the good work|3|1|2
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|1gdHugnpeumrZr3vasLOkA|2|Food:  3.5 starsService:  1 starMy wife and I went here for our one year anniversary.  We were expecting something nice given all of the great reviews.  I don't think that our experience was universal because I saw several other tables get plenty of attention from their waiter, but our waitress was very inattentive.  We were seated and sat down in a nice table and looked over the menu.  We were planning on doing the seven course tasting menu but we had a few questions about wine pairings or other options.  Well about 45 minutes went by and no one ever showed up to ask us if we wanted a drink or had any questions about the menu.  Eventually the waitress shows up and simply says, "So have you decided yet?"  I responded, "Well we just had a few questions.  Like do you offer wine pairings?"  She just said, "Yes it's $X." and then tried to run off again, but I managed to grab her and ask about the differences between the tasting menus.  She did manage to run off without asking if there was anything she could bring us.  I wanted to ask for suggestions, but she also didn't seem to have any interest in that.After that it took her another 15-20 minutes before she came back to take our order.  By this point we were getting really hungry.  I looked over and saw her chatting with the bartender for a while so it's not like she was swamped with other tables.  I was about to get up and walk across the restaurant to grab her when she finally showed up.  We were finally able to make our order and start getting food.At about halfway into the meal someone must have alerted her that we were upset or that she took way too long taking our order because she tried to apologize by offering us a wine pairing for one of the courses, but it seemed like too little too late.  A 1/3 pour of wine for an hour of my life waiting just to place an order is not really a fair trade.Fortunately, most of the courses were brought out by other members of the wait staff who all seemed fine.  Like I said the other tables seemed like they had attentive waiters.  The food was pretty decent (the produce that was grown on their rooftop garden was good), but not enough to justify the horrible experience we had leading up to our meal.  It put us in a bad mood the whole time, and ruined one aspect of our anniversary we had been looking forward to.I'm not sure what she was thinking, because with a little bit of salesmanship she would have had an even larger bill than the one she had.  We were asking about the wine pairings and she made it sound really not that interesting.  A small push and we would have ordered it.  As it was based on her descriptions we were on the verge of downgrading to the lower tasting menu or just going pre-fix.  It was a very bizarre experience overall for us.|1|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|SeND6MXbxMe3b6msMAQZlw|4|DDD was right! My co-worker and I stopped in for brunch during a business trip and I was telling people about it all week. Why? Because I was impressed by an omelette - yes a veggie omelette to be precise. I've had some good breakfast food, but this was great.As featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives "Family Style" episode #DV0711H, we had to try some of the recommended dishes too. DDD featured their BBQ chicken ravioli, which wasn't bad, and a grilled muffin (yum)!Definitely a good place to eat if you happen to be in Providence.|1|0|0
0cYGdh3BVnIiLxPB88fEUg|SwVqXFmnWh6TDKCEba_Bcg|2|I'm not sure how to feel about Blount Clam Shack, at least when it comes to the soups. Blount is a big factory for soups and even supplies to Panera & Legal Sea Foods (including the hailed Legal clam chowder). And that's great that a local company can do such big business, don't get me wrong. They have their own locations to sell soups under their own brand, but it's still made in the factory & trucked in. I'm not impressed with going to a place that is specifically a soup & chowder place and getting essentially, canned soup. Since factory packaged soup lasts for a very long time, you don't know when that Blount soup was made. As a comparison, Iggy's comes right out and says that they make their chowders fresh daily. Blount's soups are good, probably the best pre-made soups you can buy. They are not overly salty and don't have MSG. But I'm not going to SOUP RESTAURANT to eat "good canned soup". Given that they don't make the soup at the location, I'm dubious about whether the seafood options are truly fresh or just frozen & refried. Notice that the website for the clam shack conspicuously doesn't advertise "fresh fish".|0|0|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|nmErIjhHi1Jp526uyONJQw|5|I frequent Hemenway's on Wednesday nights because of the outstanding entertainment they have on the patio, RI's own Steven Palumbo.  He sings everything from Dean Martin to Andrea Bocelli and if you stay for his last set he usually sings Motown hits.  The patio is THE place to be on Wednesday nights.  Unfortunately I do not eat seafood so I always order a house salad with grilled chicken.  Super boring, but always delicious.  My mom orders the friend fisherman's platter and LOVES it.|2|0|1
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|oDFwy3xuUPukRP-PHWmIuQ|1|I've come here several times, with groups, and also on one on one dates.  The sushi here was ok, but did not stand out.  The prices were reasonable for the quality they offered.One thing that is consistent, however, was their poor service.  I don't know why I kept going back.  When seated in a group in their raised tatami floored seating area, service was slow and we were mostly ignored.  When seated regularly at the tables in the main dining area, they could not wait to kick us out!  Granted, it was a busy and popular time, but service should never make people feel like they are taking up space.  They gave us no time to look over the menu before they asked us what we would like to order--we had to ask for "a few more minutes" a handful of times, and then before we even started our meal, we got the bill.  We could not feel more unwelcome, and as a result, I have not gone back.  I guess those pesky little fruit flies that were competing for our food doesn't help much to their cause either.|3|1|0
24CV8Si8DulpStT7s71Agw|uYqpUIjos0puuar__elBkw|4|While they do have  a fire place, which I love, the lighting is way too bright and music imperceptible.  Easy fixes, if you ask me.What I will return for time and time again is what I take to be a perfect duo on steroids: 1 peanut butter cookie paired with a wicked hot chocolate.  The cookie is perfectly sized (not too big and not too small), it's soft and made with real butter - topped with full sized peanuts.  Something I couldn't have made better at home. The wicked hot chocolate came with an amazing amount of cayenne, which burned and then melted in my mouth. I was back for alternating sips immediately.Perfect for a rainy day hide out.|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|MgdgxYA-J5z8JDNaJ-HX-g|4|I had the duck tacos and really liked them. But I have to say the best part was dessert. The apple almond tart. Oy! Heaven!I will be going back over and over until I go through the whole menu.|0|0|0
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|ylqULmksKDA__qlOIfv0nw|5|Also, vote for Mama Kim's to join the Food Network's new show about food trucks.  It would be so great for Little Rhody!http://foodtrucks.teamdigital.com/?soc=foodtrucksfb|3|0|3
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|pbQgFiv8Jog1RpDhCEZUbg|5|Friendly staff and delicious gyros. If they see you give a tip they'll always give you some baklava. And no matter how busy I've never seen more than about a ten minute wait.|0|0|0
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|3CDOjTQz_C241_G0ghgnfA|3|If we could give it 3 1/2 stars we would. If you're looking for a steak review, read another entry. No steak was eaten by us. Yes, it's expensive, but you're paying for atmosphere, which Ten has lots of (and LARGE portions, which we'll get into).We whetted our appetites with the calamari, which is served from a take out box. Very cool, with lots of hot peppers mixed in. A large portion for two (a start of a trend). Next, the miso soup was pretty standard, but the seaweed salad (with yummy sesame dressing!) was served in a martini glass with chopped, crunchy red bell pepper at the bottom (nice!). Again, there was tons of it. The sushi we had, was again nothing special, but good; we only had maki rolls (california and chilean sea bass). The meatloaf on the other hand, with a touch of grilling, was fabulous and huge. H*U*G*E!! Two very large cuts of the loaf, mashed potatoes and fried onions. *Way* too much food for one, but two (or three?) could have probably handled it. The server and hostess both admitted it to being too much... yet, they still serve it as is??? A bit strange.  Really, Obama should have American food portion sizes added to the health care bill. ;)Overall very tasty and the service was great. They even adjusted the bill due to a liquor error without question. Just go in knowing large portion sizes are part of what your dollar is going for and you should be happy.|0|0|0
9H1o-FdVnFrwKDDqTB5oBA|XeooYgC_QKTzyEjvwVH7kA|3|I am downgrading my review of the Ugly American to three stars. I continue to go back because the buffalo cheese fries are amazing. They blow my mind every single time. But today, I had a hankering for a burger and was debating between BBC and the Ugly American. I checked the web to see if Ugly was even open since it is Sunday, and everything on the internet, including their own web site, indicates that they are closed on Sunday. However, I had a hankering for those aforementioned fries, so I called the number, and low and behold, they are actually open on Sundays. When I mentioned it when I picked up my food, they acknowledged that the knew everything was inaccurate on the web but didn't seem to care. Whatever, that is their own loss of business.However, when I got home with my cowboy burger (ordered rare and came out medium rare, as per normal), it was sooo salty. It was completely inedible. I ate the bacon off the top, gorged myself on my fries, and my husband and I both tossed our burgers and then gulped down 2 liters of water - each - because of the salt explosion that was the hamburger meat.I think I'll save my trips to Ugly American for late night fries when I am stumbling home from Wickenden Pub.|1|0|0
9jbiSU23TGDdBw0a94l3oA|ZpnA9ZDunx6LwHIo7Gw8wg|3|Madeleine's ThoughtsAu Bon Pain is always a good staple. They have good bagels, good sandwiches (the pesto chicken one is nice), good side salads and crackers, and ultimately everything is good.But "good" isn't a word I use to describe my favorite of anything. It's a nice place (again, nice ain't a great word) that is always kept at a nice temperature, it's in a convenient location for college kids, it isn't too overpriced, and they do have free wi-fi.Will I return? Sure. But if people visit me is my first instinct going to be "OMG! You HAVE to go to au bon pain with me because its the best thing everrrrrr" ? I think not.It's a chain that is popular and is good."good"...|1|1|0
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|QuSDcTRMAIEYr8XqcPxCFg|4|Warm ambience, efficient service, and delicious food featuring seasonal menus make this an ideal spot for a formal dinner with friends, a date, or a business dinner... The steaks are excellent, as are the rack of lamb and the braised short rib. The wine list is adequate, and the bartenders make well-crafted drinks.|0|0|0
LahgT0Dec0B6NSws7VHiJQ|xkQj5NiJ6CIT1vvksa8mdQ|4|The Original!I've been coming here close to 10 years now. The food's always been great. The service, well, it's alright. There was a time when I'd refuse to visit due to the cast of characters that worked the counter. Fortunately my last visit a few weeks ago has made me a fan again. They seem to be better at what they are doing. There is nothing quite like two dogs, some fries and an Orange Dew after a night of fun. Keep up the tasty work!|0|0|0
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|gVFxZMcuG_Tal2_TnpmUPg|5|Have I truly not reviewed Geoff's before? I love Geoff's. Love love love love love. The sandwiches are a delicious, sloppy, giant, blessed mess. Sauce everywhere, spinach slipping, chasing down the meat - don't go here on a first date, or with anyone who stands on their dignity. DO go here with everyone else. My particular favourite is the Godzilla - roast beef, pepperoni, spinach, melty cheese, hot mustard, and sriracha. And pickles from the barrel! I could eat my money's worth just in pickles and be happy, really.They stock good sodas and many-flavoured potato chips, they do a two-for-one deal on Tuesdays (which is mobbed, come early), and the prices are more than reasonable for sandwiches bigger than your head.|0|0|0
it9mZRfzo9DsFmddSESLbw|48Y0wqpzagU3sTjfNfdr_A|5|For everyone who's bitching.   I don't know what people are bitching about. Just because you had to wait for your seat doesn't mean that the portions should be bigger.  And maybe the people who came after you got seated because they were joining a party. Anyway, as for the sriracha...that sauce is often eaten with Pho (Vietnamese food)...Thai people only use sriracha (NOT the rooster lable) when eating seafood (such as steamed shrimp). Thai sriracha is sweeter and isn't spicy like the Huy Fong brand (rooster lable).As for the food.  The papaya salad is good, but it's not the best I've had in my lifetime. But it's good. And I've ordered it more than once. "Lao" /"Laotian" style is much better.Pad Thai...always good with chicken or shrimp.Yum Nurr -- the best ever ! the beef is always fresh. And they use good cuts of meat for the dish too. We always order this dish and sticky rice (they go well together).The Tom Yum soups are also good --  very clean yet flavorful.All the curry dishes are good. I've never ordered anything I didn't like.As for Asian restaurants in Providence, this is the most authentic you can get. So get over yourself(if you're bitching), stop your bitching and just enjoy the food while you can.  =) Like the 5 stars indicate, it's "as good as it gets!"BTW, this place is BYOB and no cork charge !!!!|4|0|2
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|zZnfmKnlXdWEsTT3l3QpDQ|2|Why review this type of eatery? Well, sadly, sometimes even though you know before you get there it's going to be a chain-y, loud badly prepped food joint, you got no place else.Onward then.The wait is ridiculous. Really?  Everytime I see we are forced to chose between Cheesecake or say McD's  I think, well at least I can get a salad,and then they hand me that damn beeper.(Part of me thinks"F it, somebody get me a big mac")So thirty minutes later, we're led  through the noisiest restaurant ever to a booth where a book/menu is handed you for your perusal.I've been here six or seven times and it's always the same. As a matter of fact, doesn't really matter the state, it's always formulaic.Um, hence the chain thing. The dinner salad is gi normous. The tea tastes like flowers picked from my yard(I live in the bronx,so yuk!)I will say, that the avocado rolls appetizers are yum.Fried. What?! There, I said it. Consistantly good. Everywhere.So, if I don't have a real choice and everyone wants to go here, I'll go, and not expect much so that when I order my chicken salad and avocado rollit'll be better than a big mac. Sorta. But not really.|1|2|1
ezfOX2z0EOFH6UOQyrkRpA|rvtrJ1W-bp-XTnJsbp2bEg|5|Excellent! My wife and I had dinner here this week, the food and service exceeded my expectations. I would recommend Flemming's over both Ruth Chris and the Capital Grill. The steaks are better and the staff appreciates your business.|0|0|1
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|ExJrg9VqvIRvnrcjwAUbpg|4|Cool digs, I wouldn't go there on a weekend night because of the crowd. Our dinner was delightful. I am still thinking about the mixed greens salad I ordered- IT WAS AMAZING! So fresh and so shocking that all ingredients came from RI. I made a bad choice and ordered the linguine. For dessert we had an awesome cheese platter. The decor is charming and nice for a date.|0|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|Y3g8Yq3g0tlqkNM-KNnNaQ|3|Classical music, a lot of food, lots of crap on the walls, and weird looking server what more could you ask for when having breakfast.|1|1|1
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|mjkqYTie6toPuX5M-nx4Fw|5|I'm a huge fan of coffee shops in general, but there are definitely many that have either great coffee OR great ambiance.  Coffee Exchange has both.  I'm also a big tea snob, so it bothers me when coffee shops have amazing coffee and really crappy or watered-down tea.  The tea options at coffee exchange are actually rather diverse, with a black, green AND red option always on tap.  Moreover, they brew with a really strong leaf and clean taste.Overall, I'm really impressed with Coffee Exchange--I think it's the best in Providence.|1|0|1
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|K52lKOTyc5cAbNW5IZ33rQ|4|I can't say I've ever had a bad experience here, been coming since about 2001.  It is VERY busy on Fri and Sat nights, and being so close to Brown and RISD has a big college crowd, but the food, drinks, location, and staff are amazing.  My personal fave is the Chicken Penne Ala Pesto pasta!  The appetizers have always been amazing, and the entrees are great too!  Can be a bit pricey but not too bad.  Outdoor seating in the summers.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|ti5JXvrwgGYN_1z60I54xw|5|So awesome, that every other falafel/wrap/hummus takeout place pales in comparison....I have been forever ruined.  Sigh.|1|1|1
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|xwIm0Sjc7Ehb9zXcrLsKcw|4|I like this place. The slider things is a fun concept and the burgers are pretty tasty. I was still a little hungry after finishing mine though. I suggest getting an extra or not sharing your fries!|0|0|0
11ZM3Uvi8N-zskjWAD3M2Q|OtZfrVp36gfcY6fNd8lKGQ|3|This place is hit or miss. The staff is ok, sometimes they forget things (dont know how with the screens). They are normally under staffed so there is a line of 5-10 people and it takes 15 minutes to order then another 5 minutes to get the order. Its pretty much on par for a DQ unfortunately|0|0|0
w3p6mz0m1b-jPm26weDabQ|ZhOQ3SwLQfS1majXxdv1jg|4|Very friendly service. Delicious soups and veggie sandwiches. Cozy decor. I'm adding this to the rotation!|1|0|1
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|BXOQb4spbrBd81oK1i4UJw|5|This place is the best on the East Side! I love going in because I know the pizza is great and the staff is super friendly.|0|0|0
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|00-wb5if_b-L_rL10_2NKA|5|Delicious food and drinks! Great service too! I will definitely be dining here again.|0|0|0
v0cGdCsOi2VbXj2Mg5BxpQ|q-LikZWl146BXycRkOsCIA|4|Since moving to the East Coast, I've been in withdrawal of good Korean and Japanese food. Most of the Japanese places I've found in Rhode Island have been overpriced and at times, inedible. Korean restaurants are almost nonexistent.This is why I'm so grateful that Cafe Yuni exists. Their sushi is fresh, their bimbap is delicious, their prices are reasonable, they are open late, and the space itself is a delight. Of all the Asian restaurants I've been to in RI, this place comes the closest in terms of quality and service to the places I used to frequent in Southern California.My two tiny complaints are these: not enough spiciness (though this seems to be a RI thing) and the ice tea is some sort of Lipton syrupy abomination (which also seems to be a RI thing).|0|0|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|x_Ud-A_0SHJ83-Tt1nHKYw|5|Perhaps the freshest seafood I've ever had. Excellent service and a great atmosphere to boot.|1|0|0
BxmSFfCPQN_bg24l44a56Q|bk_cLjqSEWCWiMPIJsQv7A|5|I went to the Dorrance this past weekend with a group of friends for the Frank Sinara cover event.  It was a GREAT time.  From start to finish the whole experience was outstanding.The band they had was pretty great, we all got dressed up in suits and ties... we danced and had a great time.Our server David was great, knowledgable and provded attentive, gracious service for the entirety of the night.  His menu and cocktail recommendations were spot on, we enjoyed everything we tried.A few highlights:-The bluefish pate from the appetizer called "Grilled Breads" - to die for-The fluke - probably the last thing i would have ordered but we shared between 4 of us - it was outstanding-The pork - beautiful fat cap on the outside crisped up just right - i could eat it 10 more times-The jonah crab app - delicious and delicate-The butter - salted and whipped to perfectionCocktails of note:I LOVE the Mezteca - its essentially a killer margarita.The james bond martini.|6|0|0
DDyFfkS0987e1aQEAEZEhA|GJi6LwSIHmdU4I9z4jSdzA|5|Great beer and atmosphere, good to see a place like this open up here. Gotta love the pinups.|0|0|1
YEUgaDmoKvYQynNgVGenbw|aAlKX_pPAhu3dIInG9guCQ|3|Beautiful restaurant! The owner is always there and they have the best scorpion bowls ever! Doesn't get a three because they need to pay for their insane decor and sadly overprice EVERYTHING.|0|0|0
9W-k-SJpyEZF1hmiK8MA5Q|gMqF26TDUnuHqs729LIsOw|3|I had brunch at Blue Elephant the last time I visited my sister in Providence.  The restaurant is located on the first floor of an old house; there are two dining rooms, with a waiting / welcome area in between them.  It's a very cute space, but it is very small and gets overly crowded very easily.  One of the more interesting aspects of the restaurant is that handmade jewelry is for sale and on display on the walls of the dining rooms.My sister and I went here on a Sunday afternoon.  The line was long, the waiting area was crowded and really hot (the fire in the fireplace hadn't quite died yet), and there was a crazy, disgruntled waitress talking loudly to herself about how she wished she could tell everyone to go home.  Some actually did.  When we were seated, it was at a very small table (which was decorated with vintage music posters) against a wall right next to the door...it was a little claustrophobic.  There also weren't enough menus for us, which I had to approach the staff about.  The same goes for silverware and napkins.As a consummate omelet enthusiast and a former art history student, I experienced a moment of geeky euphoria when I saw that the Blue Elephant has named its omelets after famous artists.  After much deliberation, I ordered the Caravaggio ($7.50), which features pepperoni, tomato, olive tapenade, and mozzarella.  It also came with home fries and toast.  My sister tried to order a hot chocolate and the challah french toast complete with Nutella, was told that they were out of both.  She settled for the Magritte omelet ($7.50), which has green apple, red onion, cracked red pepper, and brie.  I really enjoyed my omelet; the ingredients hit all of the flavor notes that I expected them to.  Not so for my sister's (and I had some of it, so I'm not just basing this on her observations).  Personally, I had almost ordered the Magritte, but had refrained from doing so because of my reservations about putting brie in an omelet.  Its consistency just didn't seem to lend itself to being in an omelet.  Also, the onions in her omelet were raw; it was like whoever had made it had forgotten to put in the onions until the last minute.  It wasn't all that appetizing.  It was an interesting experience, to say the least.  I really enjoyed my meal, but wouldn't recommend that anyone come here during the brunch rush on the weekend - between the harried employees and rookie mistakes in the kitchen, the Blue Elephant's energy just ends up being really stressful.  This is definitely not a restaurant where you can sit and relax for an extended period of time on a Sunday afternoon.  I wish I could give it more stars, but the shoddy service prevents me from doing so.|0|0|0
QadrDmx4k6Tl7QDz4fAWdg|IcdxwCBX6rNHwlcFJEVVtQ|4|I'm not a coffee drinker - it's true. But when my buddy suggested we grab a cold-brewed iced coffee from Blue State because "it's so effing good,' I had to try it. So effing good it was, kids! Delicious, bold, not a hint sour and totally smooth. I added some milk and a titch of sugar, and this seriously was the best dang iced coffee I've had this side of the Atlantic. Now, for the service: it started out completely pleasant. We were ordering, we were singing along with Billy Joel, we were having a ball. Then my friend realized I misspoke, and ordered regular iced coffee, not the cold-brewed. Heaven forbid! So, I obviously corrected myself, and the woman who had just been singing along to Billy Joel with us suddenly turned sour and very grumpy, indeed. The lesson? Go for the cold-brewed iced coffee, and order accordingly. Perfs.|1|1|1
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|ziL8chrxFpGtA0oFQNUrwQ|3|Decent food. Funny atmosphere. Chinese restaurant meets cheesy club.|0|1|0
wfS1G5lrjx_SGWBuG2690g|ZhOQ3SwLQfS1majXxdv1jg|4|Very charming atmosphere and delicious food. The French onion soup and bouillabaisse were meal highlights. Strong drinks, warm and crusty bread, lovely little salads. My boyfriend had the steak frites and we split a vanilla mousse dessert, which were both yummy. Prices were expensive but not unreasonable. Will definitely return.|1|0|0
I8dgF5_UENHKJwb0k8J49Q|JwwfbyctdxYXiK5GIKLTPQ|3|Now I wouldn't say they have authentic Mexican. But this joint reminds me to baja fresh... just a tiny, non-chainny version. This spot is tiny! Nevertheless you can get a mighty burritos, quesadillas, warpped fajitas, taco salad ,soft/hard tacos, tex-mex dinner combos, bugers, hot dogs, wings, philly cheese steak and even a garden salad. WOW they have everything!At the moment, I am on a Mexican high... need to try everything Mexican! So I got the pork burrito (no it's not el pastor), with refried beans, cilantro, sauteed onions, rice, shredded cheese, guacamole and sour cream. I also had a jarritos to wash it all down.Now, it's not amazing awesome... just simply good and filling... ideal for a typical college student. 10 bucks = full; unless you are a mega beast...i love the fact that they are open till 2am... :)|1|0|1
Lw7lLPi2Da-daCK2rxtPIw|jRRbULQn1lS-CHfFSAw4bw|1|This place was so so bad. Such a disgrace to sushi. The rolls are half filled with rice instead of seafood and goodies, the tapioca in the boba drinks is hard and stale, the edamame is hard (stale?), and the tempura is so thickly battered that you are eating more fried bread than you are shrimp. (Tempura is supposed to be light and crispy!) Also, on the rainbow roll, the strips of raw fish on top are super thin. The avocado was sour in one of the rolls. And to top if all of, it's not even cheap! The rainbow roll was $15 and filled with a small piece of crab stick, 2 sticks of cucumber and rice. I guess I shouldn't have had such high expectations for take out sushi, but I was thoroughly disappointed. On the way out, I noticed that the TV was blaring Chinese instead of Japanese.... should have caught that before I ordered.|0|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|-aCCgPpIkAIslHydMKZjFA|5|I've had crepes everyone from paris to chicago, but la creperie's are definitely the best. Wraps are also great - i'm not sure why more people don't get them.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|4L0Bm0BopZMjTkQt2J-Z3w|2|The burgers were decent...although every time i get a burger they forget things on my order. Like ALL the toppings. I do love the different drink menu and drinks are inexpensive. Do NOT go on a friday  night though as it is invaded with drunk college kids|0|0|0
mdqwn32B4RVJI8_MQLXXHg|EQloo51OzlB0pryitNFfNw|5|How have I not reviewed Froyoworld yet?!? This sort of place has seemingly endless pros, and few cons:PRO:- 8-10 types of frozen yogurt. This often includes that tart sort of thing that is so popular right now (ick), but also a variety of fun flavors. The cake batter tastes a lot more sinful than it is! I've also heard great things about the red velvet.- Lots of different toppings, like fruit, mochi, whipped cream, cereal, and like 3-4 types of syrup. - The pay-by-weight system is decently fair. You always pay for the gimmick somewhat with frozen yogurt, and I've never paid above $5 for mine. I've paid the same amount at far worse frozen yogurt chains.CON:- Not a ton of space to sit - but that's not especially surprising, considering its location on Thayer Street, as well as the fact that it's a frozen yogurt shop! I really can't get enough of Froyoworld. It's a problem. :)|0|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|CZt7vQOdhR9AmgJKLSeqFg|5|Late night snack, brunch, lunch, or the tastest thing you ate after a night drinking on Thayer St, it dosen't matter! La Creperie has been cooking up crepes for as long as I can remember. This is a french fast food and don't expect service or a fine dining experience, just know that the Crepe that your about to enjoy is freshly made and totally delicious. The only hard decision is to choose either a sweet or savory Crepe. Your can't go wrong but I suggest one of each. The price is right here and ~5 buck a Crepe how can you go wrong.|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|_9snuTGEkRvYKw3PPuoH0A|4|Even though I've lived in Providence for over a decade, I'd never been to Al Forno until last week. Normally, chi-chi, overhyped, overpriced restaurants are a huge disappointment, but Al Forno lived up to the hype. I'm giving it four stars only because I didn't eat a full meal, just pizza, dessert, and coffee, but everything was excellent, the service was prompt and friendly, and the al fresco seating was fantastic.Definitely planning a second visit soon to see if it merits a fifth star!|1|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|qfc_YlvTU5-iCRHGaWCcxQ|5|I've been to Gracie's twice, both for birthday dinners and both time I've had the chef's tasting menu with wine selections. Yes, it's expensive, but it's so worth it.The food is always inventive, daring and delicious, but what truly sets Gracie's apart is their service.  In a time when customer service is usually nothing more than lip service, Gracie's excels at making your dining experience unique and unforgettable.If you want to treat yourself, don't miss the best restaurant in Providence.|1|0|0
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|p3SDtQJNFPfnIzN2ziNlgA|5|This review is for truck 2So fantastic I cried a bit -- the food was expertly prepared, the service was most excellent. When I win the lotto, this truck may just be paid to follow me around|1|3|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|XKNTdLf6QEDk5mSu1oKQ4w|3|My husband and I made reservations for our second wedding anniversary. They made sure we had a semi-private table, put rose petals on it, and gave us complimentary champagne. They also sent out a free sample of an appetizer (I'm not sure if this is commonplace), and gave us a photo of us that they took. (All of this for free) I ordered lobster, and my husband ordered king crab legs. I thought the lobster was good, but pretty small for the $55 price tag. I was surprised to see the king crab legs were cheaper at $35. The service and location are wonderful, and they gave us a lot of extras for our special occasion, but the food wasn't spectacular.|0|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|Lv7Sx4EBtS4Yxa8WmYsA0Q|1|So, this place is probably fun if you watch wwf wrestling while naming a family member. Burgers? Trashy. Gross food. Bad drinks. Ugly staff. GO OUT OF BUSINESS!!|0|3|0
lu1rX1xpg7hbcWPnfOWMMQ|_Mzk_Vhh1J1yp5y-M-Ho-Q|2|I stopped in here in the afternoon for lunch. The employee at the register said it was his second day there, and apologized for not knowing what many things on the menu were. I'm not a huge bubble tea fan, so I went for the food. I had the lup cheong (chinese sausage) rice bowl, and it was awful. The bowl was mostly rice, which was undercooked and slightly greasy. The sausage was undercooked, MAJORLY greasy, and had hardly any greens in it. I'm almost glad there was so little of it in the bowl, because it was so crappy. The sauce was bland. The guy behind the counter said they can't fry anything right now, because they're having permit problems with the exhaust. So half the food menu is out right there. I don't think I'll be going back.|0|0|0
0cYGdh3BVnIiLxPB88fEUg|AW0tVcfwYZBiwtwYyaX0WA|5|This place is awesome! The food is flavorful and cheap. My husband and I each had a mug of clam chowder (a very generous portion, more like a bowl than a cup) and shared a lobster roll, fries, and clam cakes. The clam cakes are almost like hush puppies: round and small and ever so slightly sweet. Everything was delicious, especially the chowder. I would eat here all the time if I were local.|0|0|1
HPDZZjKAi4vmtLEvYmk2Hw|V9SCOLiM5ZtoL8UJkwp5NQ|1|Stopped in recently and had an absolutely abysmal experience. Getting the girls behind the counter to stop muttering and rolling their eyes at each other long enough to order anything was like pulling teeth. My mom asked what kind of soups they had and the girl waved in the direction of a sign, sighing, and when my mom said she'd like to try one of the selections - the chicken noodle - the girl sighed again and said "Oh, we don't have that." I ordered an iced coffee with soy, no sugar. It was incredibly over-sweetened. One of the girls went to get more ice and came back with just a small deli container full, which meant my remade coffee only had a small handful of ice in it.My mom ordered a turkey sandwich. She had to repeat the order 4 times, including twice to the girl at the register. We sat so I could start eating my bagel (which was just so-so) and after ten minutes we got up and asked if the sandwich was almost ready. The girl snapped that she was "just getting to it" (note: there were no non-coffee orders after us, so I have no idea what she was doing all that time) so we asked to have it wrapped - there was no way we were staying another minute. She rolled her eyes. Thank you, my mom said, and the girl set her mouth in a straight line and turned away. No response whatsoever.I get it: sometimes you have a really shitty day and you can't break out of it. I do. I mean, they were robbed recently. That's awful. There's no AC in there. That's awful. It was clear that they both wanted to be somewhere else. But you don't take it out on your customers. We won't return - though I have a feeling neither of the girls working when we were there would care.|3|0|0
BxmSFfCPQN_bg24l44a56Q|BglwG4Vqk4dUcC8_Snb-Mg|5|What a treat!My boyfriend and I ended up with a surprise (and rare) night off together, so we headed downtown and were FINALLY able to give this spot a try. I'd heard so many good things about it and I wasn't let down.It is absolutely gorgeous inside, yet somehow manages to be warm and welcoming despite the high, elaborate ceilings and swanky decor.  The bar is right in the middle...the perfect vantage point for taking everything in...and is right below an upstairs lounge area so the ceiling is low and the bar is very intimate-feeling as a result. We were quite comfy and happy to be there for 2 rounds of drinks. The 2 cocktails I had were absolutely delicious. The word "exquisite" comes to mind, actually, and I don't throw that word around lightly . They were comprised of interesting, unique ingredients and perfectly balanced. The menu looked awesome and was very reasonably priced. If the quality of the food matches that of the cocktails, they really have it going on over there.One thing I wished was that the back of the bar was lit. They had a lot of different and interesting bottles and I would have loved to be able to see the labels.|1|0|0
YEUgaDmoKvYQynNgVGenbw|1Z4q8zpCRuGZ0S7qmTcvQw|2|Alrighty... ended up giving this place another shot since I heard it was under new ownership.First off.. edamame was good and the miso soup was the best i've had, hands down.   The sushi however, was an abortion.  Crispy Tuna Roll - tuna, chili sauce & tempura flakeGodzilla Inside: crispy salmon, asparagus & japanese pickles                 Outside: red snapper, hamashi & red & black tobikoSounds pretty good, nothing too crazy going on, right?  WRONG.I'm sorry... but someone needs a slap and some sushi 101 training.  This dish that was put in front of me was the epitome of "trendy sushi, lets make it look good" but still in my opinion, failed miserably and looked awful.1.  I have never seen so much sauce put on a roll before.  Like, absolutely disgusting, messy, and made it near impossible to pick up a piece of maki because it was so slippery.   I'm sorry, but you should be ashamed with the plating, it looked absolutely horrible and completely masked the flavor of the fish I was paying for.  I am not exaggerating either, i swear there had to be at least a 1/2 cup of spicy mayo on the tuna roll, and then unagi and something else too....  less is more people!2.  Once again, no fish in the rolls.  Very stingy, and also the fish on top is more like carpaccio.  I know its not supposed ot be as thick as sashimi, but holy shit, you think i'm going to be able to taste that tissue paper of fish when you put a cup of sauce on top of it?3.  I don't know what the eff you did with your unagi sauce, but my tuna roll tasted more like an italian grinder from Venda.  That wasn't unagi, it was reduced balsamic or something along those lines lol... jeez what happened?4.  Both of my rolls were mushy.  Overcooked rice and absolutely no texture.  Note how i ordered a roll that had tempura, and crispy salmon... both had no texture besides the almost raw asparagus in that godzilla roll.Another RI restaurant that just "doesn't get it" unfortunately.  Pass.  Oh and those poor sharks.... please put them back in the ocean.  I'm no PETA member but all i did was watch them swim end to end.  Get them out of there, they are not having fun in the least bit nor do they serve any purpose.  Real sushi restaurants have a fish tank because they actually serve the fish that are in it.  You have two mascots.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|Bz4RCaCpzuSpsDM_rQHQZg|5|Best falafel I've ever had.|0|0|0
_BG8WroxU2JbZSij6VWx_A|VsuRmh2LQwOChs8nu60nQw|4|I was here for a hosted party, and it was pretty awesome. (Although, I won't lie, it was weird when the general public were being let back in; it brings a weird crowd).Their fish and chips were amazing. Maybe I was starving, maybe the chips were actually pieces of potato shaped into chip like things. The batter wasn't anything to rave on about, but did I mention that the fish was real. And it was real tartare sauce! Amaze.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|tGi_7Z9d53zuRnmqFJnMLA|4|I love this place; end of story. Every time I go to Providence to visit the boyfriend, this is one of my first stops.Gyros are DELICIOUS! I usually go for the beef kabob one or the beef and lamb combo. I prefer it without the hot sauce, pickles, or banana peppers but everything else on it. The portions are humungo and sooo filling yet priced so decently. Their hummus is to die for with the warm Syrian bread. The boyfriend always insists we get extra hummus because I'm notorious for finishing the order before we even get home. mmmmm, delicious.The first time I went, they gave me a ton of free samples! They offered us falafels, baklava, and another one of their desserts. It was so generous of them. The service is friendly but professional. The staff is very helpful and patient as well. I always have a difficult time deciding what I want (usually because I want everything...) and the staff has never rushed me and always offers advice or insight. The set up of the restaurant is small but very clean. I've never eaten inside the place; I always get my food to go (being from sunny California, the Providence weather is always too cold to my liking so I prefer to eat in the comfort of my couch and heater turned up..)Next time I visit, you BET I'll be making a stop here...again....|0|0|0
RD-icRypSMg6nA4Xy8dCUw|ZhOQ3SwLQfS1majXxdv1jg|4|Very cozy atmosphere, friendly service, and delicious food. I recommend the claypots.|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|ZhOQ3SwLQfS1majXxdv1jg|5|This is the best restaurant in Providence that we've been to for dinner. It is indeed pricey-- we both had the 3-course menu and 2 rounds of drinks and our total came out to $160 before tip, but so worth it! They also kept bringing us tasting samples of all their specialty dishes (mmm, the gazpacho, sorbet, cheeses, etc.) while we were waiting for our courses. The mussels appetizer, creme brulee, home-made dinner rolls, and fresh fish of the day were all standouts. Very satisfying.|0|0|0
YEUgaDmoKvYQynNgVGenbw|4L0Bm0BopZMjTkQt2J-Z3w|1|Worst sushi restuarant I have ever been to. First of all the server when asked about what was in a certain drink on the menu had to go ask...and came back 15 MINUTES LATER. After ordering (my friend a t-bone and myself sushi regular with miso soup) 20 MINUTES LATER we found out that there was no more t-bone. Fine, then filet medium rare. Well my miso soup which was supposed to come out first arrived AFTER the meal because they "ran out of miso soup", the filet was well done, and the sushi was warm and rancid tasting. I honestly felt like I would get sick if I ate it. We have a 50 dollar gift certificate and will throw it out rather than go back there again|1|0|0
x05vLVOH2OQr-8ATmfItRg|-SkdK9egKMc7GhkR1GWghw|3|McCormick & Schmick's is a chain restaurant in the ground floor of a hotel, so I was a bit incredulous to start as those two things usually work against an establishment. I was pleasantly surprised to find a very nice restaurant with a diverse and creative offering on their menu. The focus is definitely on seafood, but there are a number of interesting options for those who want meat, vegetarian dishes, etc. Among the better things I tried on their menu were the Cobb "tower" salad and the seared tuna dish. Presentation is elegant and the service is friendly, but professional. The atmosphere is lovely with wood paneling and nautical-themed decorations to go with the seafood-heavy fare. Their bar does a great job preparing a variety of drinks (of course they did a great martini) and the prices are on the higher side for Providence, but overall reasonable considering the quality and quantity of what you receive. They are also famous for their "bar menu" with very reasonably priced burgers, sandwiches, finger foods, etc., but we didn't get to enjoy that. McCormick & Schmick's is a great place for an elegant dinner (or lunch) in the center of Providence and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a varied, but well-presented menu.|1|0|1
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|MQkBFGqfUP-VZoA-pOQBKQ|2|The Cuban Revolution of today seems like it's been *through* its namesake over the past few years. It used to be an awesome destination theme restaurant. Now it's decidedly meh.My question overall is "where is the flavor?" Did they misplace the spice rack? Dousing many menu items in hot sauce (Pro tip: it's Frank's Red Hot) is about the only way I tasted anything but the oil used to pan fry it. I had chicken and beef in the dishes I tried and was only slightly partial to the chicken simply because it had a hint of flavor. I have authentic Cuban cuisine more than occasionally and was sorely disappointed. While the dishes may have the look and feel of what you'd find in Havana, it seems like the flavors were held up in Customs.The waitstaff is great though, very well-mannered and always smiling.Go for $.20 wings and cheap beer, not for an overpriced, bland meal. Don't bother waiting if there's a line. There are much better places to eat within walking distance at more reasonable prices.File this under "not likely to return" (except for the wings).|0|0|0
HPDZZjKAi4vmtLEvYmk2Hw|viF8BGrOYgfwPxZmDYq_Xw|5|ZOG is tasty and cozy. They have really cool sandwich combos... and everyone that works there is really cool! Give it a chance!|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|g_xJ1HfGXzIzIbqlRQq5vQ|5|Another wonderful meal. I really do love this place. The food, service and atmosphere are always top notch. Great for a romantic dinner or something before going to the theater. This upscale restaurant does give you the option to have a great meal for a reasonable cost - $35 three course prix fix. We generally have them pair our wines with each course so the price does rise quickly but if you want great food if can be done for $35 pp ( excl drinks, tax gratuity etc).|0|0|0
PUcbOM5EdCijAhFN9GAtBw|0WI7bL6EMTc6W0lIYKuqiw|2|What do I say about the Pizza Gourmet? They have all the right ingredients for a fantastic gourmet pizza. The crust is absolutely wonderful, the sauce tasty, the toppings good quality. I even kind of like the square slices, since they're smaller and it allows me to regulate how much I take in :)It's the assembly that bothers me. the pie looks like a piece of modern art, and not in a good way. It's like they were upset with me and decided to half ass make a pizza - everything on it - the sauce, the cheese, and the other toppings were thrown on in big splotches. When I want pizza I want to taste crust, sauce, and cheese in my mouth and all at the same time. I do NOT want a mouthful of sauce and nothing else, even if that sauce is good. A pizza is a delicate balance between all its components; you can have too much of a good thing. From what I now understand this is normal for their pies, so they weren't just upset with me for using a restaurant.com coupon. Anyway, if that sounds up your alley then you might enjoy the Pizza Gourmet. If you want balance in your pizza, then you're better off elsewhere. Also, the gorgonzola dipping sauce is rubbish (cheap, but rubbish). perhaps it was stored in a room together with gorgonzola, but it mostly tastes and feels like cream cheese and white flour. Their homemade dipping wedges are basically extra salted slices of the pizza crust... so it's good, just really salty.|1|0|0
YEaJTS5WvIHMajKskQIFzA|E3xpr996watZyp6P0587Ow|4|This has been my favorite Starbucks for awhile, but I had an experience recently that made me want to tell the WORLD about it by writing a review!I like this location because it has lots of different seating options... Tables of different sizes, armchairs in front of the fire, cushy window seats with pillows and outlets to plug in. Friendly staff; music at just the right volume; it doesn't ever seem to get too, too busy.I spent A LOT of time here when I lived in Providence, so naturally when I went back to visit recently I had to stop in. Fresh back from India, I decided to try a chai latte. They made it up fresh and hot, and out into the sunny morning I went, happy and content with the drink warming my fingers through the cup... but then. I took one drink of the latte and barely restrained myself from spitting it out on the sidewalk. I hadn't realized the drink would be sweetened. I thought it was made with tea, not sugar syrup that tastes like tea.I went back in and asked them if there was anything they could do to make me something similar but less sweet; they said they could brew regular teabags in steamed milk but they weren't sure how that would turn out. So I asked if I could have my standby drink, a triple venti latte, instead. I was fully prepared to pay, but they comped it even though it was in no way their fault that I didn't like what I had ordered. Thanks, guys! When I come back to Providence, I will most definitely be back!|0|0|0
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|IhmBr-yHC8xLjdnoq7O37w|3|I only got the chicken lo mein but it was fresh and tasty. Everything everyone else got looked just as good if not better.It twas a bit hot up in there though, but our waitress said that the air conditioning was currently getting fixed.Only three stars cause it wasn't the best meal of my life or anything, but way better than your average take-out joint.|0|0|0
pZnk9tKEHrEIHq0NfSzXRA|-f1cOGmFMAcwTPnXVdl9wA|5|I want this plase to stay as my personal and very secret pleasure.  So Stay Away!!Food : WOW.  So fresh and authentic and flavorfulService: Talk to the people preparing your food and give them ideas as to what you like, it will make the experience even better.BYOB: Next door to ENO (my favorite wine shop) does it get any better?Get in there, try it out and post rave reviews. This place is a gem!|1|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|P6iCu_5ixbCQwgy95PX2Ww|4|Absolutely love this place and the staff that works there.Its a great little spot in Providence to have a drink and a bite to eat.They just went though some remodeling and menu changes that can be hard to adjust to but I'm sure I'll get into the new groove.With that said Red Fez, please bring back the poutine fries and sriracha deviled eggs and I promise to raise you a star and tip the cooking staff with Narragansetts 3 weeks in a row!|0|0|0
Me0m9753dQgbcxdLpQq50A|3T0FvfI9LH8MYvIa9svQgA|4|Good coffee and espresso drinks.  Joe is a nice guy who will joke with you a little bit as you order your drinks. They also serve bagels, muffins, etc.  They are very generous on the butter if you get it on your bagel, so I tend to ask for it on the side or specifiy that I only want a "bit of butter."Pleasant place to sit and read the house-copy newspaper or catch up with friends.|0|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|Fh6-DbRXKI4G0OFiYrz4Ig|5|My favorite restaurant on College Hill.  Over the course of four years I probably sampled everything on their menu (salads, burgers, swordfish, calamari, crab cakes, pastas, champagne brunch... everything), and I honestly can't remember one thing I didn't like.  The food was always well prepared and very reasonably priced, and the waiters were generally very friendly and efficient.  I LOVED this place's fries better than any other restaurant I've tried, and their martinis (especially apple) were incredible.   The one complaint is that it turned into Viva at night, which meant a lot of smoke and noise, but that was easily avoided and couldn't put a stain on an otherwise fantastic place.|0|0|0
e3OqPQ6ayfhIXI04FXy3Ig|N6tzBF-6Lx3Mip-w_C0E9g|4|Only a few things on the menu - standard fare is frozen yogurt.  A small will run you $4.95 + toppings (1-2 for $1, 3-4 for $2).  Everything was clean, neat, and attractively prepared.The yogurt just by itself is worth eating, it's tasty, not too sweet, and VERY cold for a hot stale Providence summer day.  My strawberries actually started to freeze by the time I got to the bottom, and I had brainfreeze three times.Experiment with your toppings, or my idea - bring your own toppings!  It'd be a lot cheaper.  Maybe taking it home and topping it yourself would be a good time too.Very yummy!|1|0|1
ooNlNmDvLdmPuR_b_b2Rww|G58MVNrW6TdxWUWLeHDYSA|2|I'm from New York, and I've been hoping for a great deli for a while now--a place with a wide variety of meats, breads, sides--and unfortunately, Dok's doesn't fit that bill.The restaurant pales in comparison to United BBQ, the former tenants of the building, which consistently served up cheap, tasty, homemade BBQ. I ordered a brisket burger, which came charred on the outside, raw (like, really RAW) on the inside. My friend got a grilled cheese sandwich that she liked but didn't love.While I only got to try two items from the menu, overall I was disappointed by the lack of sandwich options. There are about 10 sandwiches on the menu, and more effort seems to have gone into naming them than making them. (Not that much effort, though--take, for example, the 'cheesy grilled cheese.')To Dok's credit, they seem to use fresh, high-quality ingredients. They just need to spend some more time figuring out how to use their ingredients in cool, creative ways, instead of just slapping a hip name on an uninspired 'wich.|0|1|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|Wb3lr1zYbESrUqpnDqcc_g|1|Two words: Old cupcakes Cupcakes are what this place is supposed to be known for. I've been twice and they've been stale and dry both times. Not the worst thing in the world but the 2nd time around they also gave all 3 of us that partook stomach aches. I won't be going back OR trying any more of their products!|7|4|1
uaPEPXxiEf8rNFbzFyy3Cw|EYojv3zEBQoJgadGQ3lD4A|3|I order delivery from Cilantro's for lunch once in a while. I know most Americans really like to pile a bunch of rice, beans, the kitchen sink, and God knows what else into their burritto and convince themselves it's delicious but that's just plain American dillusion. The good part: Cilantro WILL cater to that dillusion by offerning a plethora (and I mean a really good selection) of free add-ins an add-ons like sour cream, beans, chicken, meat, etc.. etc..so it's definitely the Burger King of Mexican TYPE food cause you can "Have it your way!" The downside is they don't have decent nachos, because they don't melt cheese. They have some weird cheese sauce-ugh. The beef is often cold with the cheese etc...for tacos, dissapointing and they're a litte on the expensive side considering their menu is pretty limited and so are they cooking abilities. If you want some chips and salsa-Yay! Go here. If you want a decent chicken or steak Enchilada, YES go here. If you want a monster burritto that tastes pretty fresh but is also filled with cold meat, cheese and is kinda frosty (brrrrr) instead of hot and tasty, also go here in which case, I feel (sniff sniff) sorry for you. Instead risk the Salmonella and hit Taco Bell at the Providence Place! Just kidding I actually like Taco Bell, hee hee.I don't mind the freshness, but hate the cooking limitations for their food. Still, they're the one delivery Mexican place in the main Providence downtown area so who am I to b***ch too much right?|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|4pMDH_E2pw23ImawtLIWgg|4|If you maybe find yourself in downcity and of a need of a quick cup of coffee that is good to the tummy and to the eyes, look no further, Tazza's the place! I came with a couple of friends on one late Sunday afternoon. One ordered a iced, the other hot coffee, I ordered a Caffe Mocha. Since we were going to sit down inside, my Mocha was served in this oversized (maybe normal sized?) coffee cup with a saucer that looked like it can be pictured in Coffee Aficionado Magazine (if there was one). The mocha was just the right temperature, a perfect amount of cocoa powdered sprinkled on top and over on to the saucer, with a miniature cookie(?) on the side. Perfection.I never knew this place can make a mocha this good. I've been here before for Movies on the Block and the inside of the restaurant is very stylish and has a hip, modern feel. This includes uncomfortable small aluminum metal bar seats fit for a child sized tush. So, if you don't have a small behind, just look for a regular table with comfy pleather seats. I would definitely come back and try the Cappuccino!|0|0|0
YwHAVxQyHC3NekG8wUTtew|pOjgCTg0sXvGVcJETxcq5g|4|Great little dive bar, located right down town making it  a great place to stop for cheap beer while bar hopping! They even have karaoke on Thursday nights which can be pretty entertaining to watch and participate if you so choose.|0|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|jwtTBTYuL8249q26lmJH6A|4|Breakfast buffet was pretty good. Staff is nice. It was too cold for the front door to be wide open and someone had to ask the manager to close it. Kind of common sense when it is winter you would think.|1|1|1
HPDZZjKAi4vmtLEvYmk2Hw|heNST89kp1ufMtKvuqXU3g|3|Unfortunately Zog kinda pales next to it's cooler, hipper, swaggier brother Coffee Exchange, just a few doors down. Zog has breakfast, lunch, bunch of pastries and coffee. The location on Wickenden is great, and the interior is cozy and a little less pretentious than Coffee Exchange. I've never tried the food, just coffee and tea, and it was fine. Service was sort of reluctant. Bathroom was sketchy. Just discovered they have outdoor seating and a bamboo (or rivercane?) thicket in the back. Very cool. Poor Zog, All these Yelpers are hatin' on you lately. Bottom line: Zog is not impressive but not bad just for a quick stop. And you'll definitely have more breathing room than Coffee Exchange.|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|X2Vztu1xlYOEB3Igo9MMZg|3|This is just NOT a five star establishment. This and Hemmenway's have to be the most overrated joints in PVD.That is not to say that the food is bad or the place is terrible. It's fine I just have no desire to return. It was a "once is enough" place. My only complaint was that the pizza was only so so and my steak was a little salty (and I usually don't mind salt). The wine reduction on the steak though was amazing and the seafood pasta my wife got was wonderful.The service was not so great. We showed up dressed nicely (I had a sports jacket and my wife and mother were in dresses). We were going a touch early to try and get a table (they are notorious for long waits). We were greeted with what seemed like thinly veiled hostility from the maitre d' who told us it would be a two hour wait. We said "fine" put down our names and gave him my cell number which he said he would call. We went back to my place made some appetizers had some wine chatted etc. About two hours rolls by with no call so we just decide to go back (my mom really wanted to go here and was leaving town) and see what the wait was. The maitre d' had crossed our name off the list because "I hadn't answered the phone." I checked the number he wrote down and it was correct. I checked to see if I had a missed call... none. Anyway so we had to wait around another 20-30 minutes for a table (I know... I know... but my mom really did want to go there, I think she read about it in some magazine). The worst part was absolutely no apology or even recognition that we might be put off by waiting two hours only to find out we would have to wait more.So all in all. Food's fine, price is pretty damn high (I would say tied with Mill's Tavern for highest in PVD), and service was fine once we actually got seated. 3 stars. Not 2. Not 4.|8|2|4
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|1ZxQe_ZeUG24aEL1r6gTcA|4|4 stars for the food! 1 star for the service and pompous attitudes of the staff. My girlfriend and I thought it would be an ideal place to celebrate and instead it turns out that this pretentious place is full of Providences elite and snobby and I am not talking about the guests. Too bad this review is about the staff instead of the food - which was terrific but expensive.|0|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|K69q9gvYcMpYO2XKz7vZsw|4|Knowing I was going to take a little trip to explore Providence, I of course youtubed "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives Providence" ti find candidate eating spots, and this was the one that won my interest best.I tried the BBQ chicken ravioli, which was tasty but nothing to write home about for me. The granola pancake, however, was probably the best pancake I've ever had. If I'm ever back in town, I really want to try their pumpkin pancake!The service is friendly, and the food is great and cheap! Oh and you can also get a t-shirt for $5. Weee!|1|0|0
1M5pHJqGLL_-t74M37uQ0Q|gE-5s1PtmW5EDXoe3ClLBw|4|Agreed with Donna that the Asian Dumplings were an excellent starter. Both dipping sauces were delicious.For the entree, we both had the Portabella and Steak Salad. I expected sirloin but was surprised with the quality. It was almost a filet - no fat, perfectly cooked, and paired nicely with the potatoes in the salad.We split a banana tart for dessert which had a very homemade (good!) tasting ice cream. Our drinks were nice and big, too.Parking is easy with free valet and our server was attentive and polite. I'll be back!|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|1DbvZJXo-y4bEv6a3mnSGg|4|So far, so good.  I've been to this place twice and I haven't really found much to complain about.  That being said, I haven't really delved much into the menu aside from the tapas.  Last night we ordered portabello and asaigo empanadas, patatas bravas, and the pepperdews.  Everything was very tasty, and my bf and I both really enjoyed the black bean dip they bring out with the chips. It seems simple enough to make, so we're going to try it at home.  We passed on getting drinks and instead ordered some of their specialty coffees.  I had a Cafe Cubano , which was quite nice- strong and sweet, like the menu says. My bf had a Mocha Fantasy, which was ok, but nothing special.  We shared a huge slice of their red velvet cake for dessert, which was a bit on the dry side but not bad.  All in all, we'd def go back. I'm not in any way an expert on Cubano food though, so I have no idea if what they offer up is authentic or not.  They have quite a few options for vegetarians, and the prices didn't seem that bad.  Our whole meal was about 30 bucks and we were both pretty satisfied after just the few tapas dishes and dessert.|2|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|6GRWtXzGla4B3b5Dz7RU-A|2|As I've said in other reviews, I am typically skeptical of Chow Fun restaurants because of their rotating roster of fad concepts. I am usually willing to try them once, OR go again if that's where my sister says we're going for dinner with dad. Luxe's concept is one that has been ripping through the country as of late - a gourmet build your own burger joint. Pick your bread, pick your patty, pick your cheese, pick your toppings, pick your friends, pick your nose, pick your friend's nose, etc. This is something that definitely appeals to the masses and certainly to my dad, King of the Good Burger.I like their menu. It is chock full of fun appetizers, a couple hot dogs, burgers, build-your-own mac and cheese, a variety of sides, fun drinks, and boozy shakes. It is VERY clear from their menu that Luxe is a concept focused on taking out all the stops to make sure their customers know that they are light-hearted about food. It just feels SO incredibly packaged and unauthentic to me. A couple menu highlights: Philly Steak Eggrolls, which arguably is a Davio's creation but executed way better; sweet potato fries done just right to eliminate all sogginess; gorgonzola tater tots, rich as rich can be but oh-so-delicious. I also enjoyed their flight of mini-martinis (although they all tasted suspiciously similar). Since I don't eat ground beef (my stomach forbids it), I can't speak to the quality of burgers here. I have eaten almost everything else, though: chicken, falafel, turkey burger. All non-events for me. In addition, every time I leave Luxe I feel totally parched and I can't seem to drink enough water to hydrate my body = Salty Town!I wish I didn't have to include this little gem but I hate to leave it out: a couple days after I came here with my dad, sister, and her fianc, I got a call from the Department of Health (they got my info from the reservation list) asking me if any members of my party got sick after we ate there. Apparently, something that went out from their kitchen contained salmonella and a bunch of people got sick that night. Luckily, none of us did, but a call from the DOH was definitely enough to make me fidget at the very thought of going in there again.|6|2|2
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|H_26o5oMPxPF18uqq9hMvA|2|This review is based on the only time i have eaten here, but Brickway didnt make the best first impression.....I was in a group of six, and while all 5 other people in my party seemed to enjoy thier food, the service is what brought the 2 stars...They wait staff has been described as bitchy, and thats dead on.....And our particular server seemed to not know a whole lot about the menu.We were in on a sunday for (lunch), and after sitting down and being told what the soup of the day was, we ordered.....and then we were told there was no lunch menu or soups..only breakfast and wrap sandwiches served with homefries.  I thought it was strange that we were told what the soup was, but when we ordered it she said there is no soup on sundays.....The Room is a little to cramped as it seems there is 50 people in a room that holds 40.  I imagine if i went back with perhaps a smaller group, I would have a better expirience.|2|0|0
LLMIzRMVcu_F7gwfdY_wSQ|V4ckagNX9MzhN4xBVKW2sg|5|This is a great little gem worth finding. The oyster selection is always good. The fried pork is a favorite as is the fried chicken. Others really seem to enjoy the tofu pouches. If you're a beer fan, try one of the Hitachino Nest craft brews from Japan.|1|0|0
EqOxdxn_ziCSkj988ERTgw|N6a4UQEQ894OqyH8LNvuNw|3|Parking on a Friday night around 7:30pm was pretty accessible in downtown.  First time to the restaurant so the actual location was a bit of a mystery to us, but it was a beautiful night to explore. We heard jazz playing from a distance and thought that it sounded nice and as we  approached the restaurant realized the music was being  played in the quaint and romantic outdoor patio seating of Aspire.  The hostess and manager were very welcoming and friendly, great start to a promising evening; the restaurant decor is nice and modern.  OK, now the important part...My friend ordered the Limoncello tini and she really enjoyed it!  I had a glass of white wine that was also nice.  Our server, was great, big smile, attentive (refilled water glasses w/o being asked), made suggestions, we liked her but I wish we liked her suggestions just as much.  She suggested the Unagi Glazed Shrimp  and the Sea bass, we got them both along with the Clam Chowder and Lobster and Shrimp Pappardelle Pasta.  The Glazed Shrimp were tasty at first bite, then the glaze got a little overbearing, it would have been good with some Jasmine rice, maybe even as an entree.  The Clam Chowder was delicious, the fresh thyme made it special.  The pasta had great flavors, only the lobster was a little over cooked and it was all claw meat.  Lastly, the Sea Bass, I had such high expectation for this dish as I love sea bass and our server recommended it. Overall the butter in the sauce was the main attraction, and took over the flavors of the whole dish, there was also something in there that may have been vanilla, I'm not sure but it was very pungent and overpowering for me. Over all, the atmosphere, staff and the chowder would be 4 stars, being a little disappointed with the entre takes it back one. I would go back though, definitely for the chowder, and also sitting out on the patio area on a Friday night listening to the 5 piece band play some Jazz in the company of good friends with some of the appetizers would make for a great night. ( on a side note, reading some of the other reviews, it is refreshing to see that Aspire actually responds to some of these reviews, it is nice to see places that take customer feedback seriously and i give a lot of credit for this.)|0|0|0
uaPEPXxiEf8rNFbzFyy3Cw|pP9VS6Oq5A0kobTE-cQcOw|4|I'm surprised at the negative reviews of Cilantro's. I go here at least once a month and get a Burrito Belly with cilantro and lime rice, pinto beans, extra pork carnitas, sweet corn mango salsa, fresh tomato salsa, cheese, and sour cream. The pork is always flavorful and juicy. The guacamole and fresh warm tortilla chips are an excellent addition to any meal.For a quesadilla, just with the savory ground beef and cheese is a treat in itself.I would have gave Cilantros 5 stars, but the service is sometimes lacking. Maybe its a language barrier. Maybe the counter services just sucks.But I would say give the Pork Carnitas Burrito Belly a try.|1|0|0
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|nY8WloADouz3I0AALryXUg|4|Yes! A $6 burger with cheddar cheese never fails, especially in the low-light ambience Kartabar has. I have eaten at many a restaurant on Thayer. It is a quiet gem during the day and pretty busy at night. Last week, they played R&B from the nineties while serving me a drink I created: Coconut Rum, RedBull and a splash of Cran. Try it, they'll make it right. Good service and ambience, 4-stars.|0|0|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|F0tYHaVuk58XIxbv8ZfrjA|5|We really enjoy this place.  Good coffee + huevos dona maria (poached eggs with cheese and spicy tomato sauce, baked and served with corn tortillas) = yum!  And for $9?  Not sure how you can go wrong with that.  I haven't had anything from their pastry case yet, but it all looks great.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|lT0jFHCIloX3bnF5eu0ERg|5|Ridiculously positive and plentiful reviews for a reason. Fresh, fast, delicious and reasonably priced. Some of the best falafel, if not the best I've ever had.|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|DLS3QAUGD9mbGxDu0dCw2w|5|I have now eaten at Gracie's on four occasions.  On each occasion the food was as fantastic as the service.  They also valet your car for free for Trinity shows if you dine at the restaurant just prior to the show.  Their 3 course pre-fix (which starts at $30 but will likely end up costing $40-45) is a nice way to sample the menu.  I am particularly fond of their duck, sweetbreads, and oysters though I also enjoyed their gnocchi and pasta with sausage and ricotta salata.|0|0|0
LahgT0Dec0B6NSws7VHiJQ|T06jvcH26tQcTIIkobaJBA|4|I've been coming to Spikes since highschool. This is the place for thee best hot dogs in Providence. If you are looking to eat healthy and veggie sandwiches like subway, Spikes is not thee place. Spikes is for meat eaters only! I can not complain about Spikes, they do it best in Providence.|0|0|0
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|mkBgQOwDE5OrrktAkBXatQ|5|The exciting menu includes Korean BBQ tacos, sliders, wraps, traditional items, special beverages, and desserts...(Vegan options are available and she is aware of gluten free diets)I had the bulgogi plate and it was DELICIOUS!!! The kim chi was right on, and the meat was tender, well seasoned, and piping hot! (~$7)FINALLY...a Korean BBQ Truck on College Hill! You can add her on Twitter to see the current location of the truck...(usually Brook/Thayer and Waterman)The hours:(Mon ~ Sun)       Lunch :  11AM to 2:30PM                             Dinner:  5PM to 11PMI will be back...many times...mmm...|5|0|1
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|MleKBCQWsPa9dtQpPwwvMg|3|A-OK...decent sangria and nice decor, but service can be slow and the food is a bit bland.  They don't rush you, which is nice, however that maybe because they forget your there.|0|0|0
zOtmzrVbiiUjsqrPBLPq2w|j0dvyLD1jXGJNApCFir5Zg|3|I was hearing a lot of hype about this new place from my friends and yelp. Bottom line- don't believe it. It isn't bad but it isn't great. The atmosphere was nice. Fancy but knows that it isn't actually fancy. Good place to eat with friends and drink. Not going to need a blazer or anything. I went to celebrate with a friend and ordered the calamari which was good but its pretty hard to mess up. I also had the frittola basket which was also pretty good. The brisket was good, similar level to chipotle's barbacoa. The pizza was bad; it attempted to be artisan when it was just burnt and bland. The chicken paillard was mediocre at best, and the truffle fries were just bland thick fries.Overall, it was a good meal but expensive. I wouldn't consider it worth the price. sAlso nothing on the menu is as fancy as they describe it as. As a poster mentioned before, the beef brisket soft taco is just brisket on pita bread. Everything else is similarly less fancy. Also they are open fairly late, we got their at maybe 10:30 and they were closing the kitchen by 11 (on a weekeday).|1|0|1
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|ZBx4G7WYHtAMJF7BP4FdPQ|3|NOTE:  We've only eaten outside on the patio on nice afternoon/evenings.  I have not eaten indoors in the regular dining room.  SERVICE:It can be slow.  I suspect there is not a dedicated person for the patio, so the waitstaff is trying to cover inside and out.  If you are in a rush, I don't recommend it.  But if you want to be able to sit and enjoy a drink and the company of whomever is with you...then it is totally fine.  It is otherwise friendly.  LOCATION:Personally, I am a sucker for Waterplace area and the views of downtown.  So this locale suits me perfectly.  FOOD:  A decent burger.  LOTS OF OPTIONS -- First, you can make-your-own burger or so with one of the menu options.  Second, if you don't want a burger with beef, you can have a turkey burger or get grilled chicken instead.  Third, there's multiple options for sides too.  How can you go wrong with tater tots?  Definitely appeals to my inner 5 year old.  I do prefer burgers other places, but this one isn't bad.|0|0|2
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|seoDhKRxvNA6UmsOGFQt0Q|4|I had been hearing great things about Angkor for a while and was super stoked to finally walk in the doors one Friday evening.  I was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't quite busy yet, and we quickly were seated at a lovely table for two.  My friend and I perused the menu and decided to share a few items.  We chose the the Nam Yaa soup, the Nime Chow (always a fav of mine), chicken satay, and the spicy noodles with beef.  Everything was really awesome, but the true winner of the evening was the Nam Yaa soup.  Holy cow, that is some damn fine soup.  This soup was out of this world.  No wait, out of this Universe!  I love hot food and this soup really did the trick.  It was spicy,sweet, and savory all mixed in to one awesome meal.  The atmosphere of Angkor is fun, casual, and you get to hang out and watch cheesy Cambodian music videos while you eat.  The service was fast and friendly.  My only gripe with the place would be that the prices for most of the entrees were a little high.  Sure, it is Wickenden street, but I can go not to far away and get a noodle dish just as good for a few dollars cheaper.  I will definitely be back, but I will probably stick with the appetizers and Nam Yaa to get a great meal and keep the bill down.  Don't forget that it is BYOB, so you can bring a bottle of wine, or like myself a 22 oz bottle of delicious Cappuccino stout, to wet your whistle.|2|2|0
SkY-3itZowxA9lByHVX2Dg|E0MvFtLzeXEOsVLAEiuC2Q|3|Disclaimer: I'm only there on Sunday's to watch football, and I doubt I'll go after the season.They have a "DJ" handling the sound of the main game, the Patriots if they're playing, and he does a good job switching it for the commercials. They have a deal for beer towers and Coors light bullets, but nothing spectacular in terms of price, nothing outrageous either.Lots of TVs and they're friendly enough about having games switched around to where you're sitting. One big minus is the lack of Bloody Marys. Not sure if that's a Providence thing or what, but hey its a sports bar so you can't complain too much. The food is pretty bland, I'd go with the buffalo chicken strips as opposed to the wings. Don't bother with the burgers. Extensive pizza menu that I have yet to try.   Basically feels like a chain in both the positives of decent service and consistent quality but certainly feels generic. Best place to watch football in Providence that I know of...|0|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|wiCR6Kq2jS2YFoE4lyVoUg|4|everything we ordered here was bigger than my face. they happened to be tasty too, so i left as a happy man. chicken salad sandwich --- yumbiggest-ever chocolate chip cookie - deliciousthe best way to go about this place is to split everything in half and take the other half home. i had a little trouble walking home after...oh and the entrance was kinda tucked away in the back although their sign is visible from the main street.oh and liquor store is downstairs. grab a beer or something before you go up to enjoy the gigantic sandwich.|1|1|1
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|GMzsCafogrxRJS_CnvUDrw|4|Hands down the BEST place for sushi in R.I.!!! If you go on the weekends, expect to be rushed. They get very busy and unless you are a regular it may seem rude. Byob is a plus. Location is great. Most importantly sushi is always very fresh and rolled tightly. Affordable as well!|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|lzKI888rUWQIzv07GFqi2Q|4|Whether you just are in the mood for a delicious burger, or just want to stop in a cool environment for a drink with some friends Luxe can fit either need. My absolute favorite thing about this restaurant is the simple fact that you can make your own grill creation. If you're in the mood for a mouth watering Angus beef burger, a  juicy grilled chicken fillet, or even a vegetarian patty, Luxe won't let you down. They have a fully stocked bar equipped with TV's where you can watch the game if necessary. The staff are attentive and nice. It tends to get super busy on the weekends, so service CAN be slow on occasion. They are located near Bar Louie and the Capitol Grille so even if you are seated outside, you are still in a pleasant area and can even be in for a surprise when the Capitol Grille has their own singer posted up outside to entertain their guests. The one downfall to this location is it's a hassle to find street parking, seeing Kennedy Plaza is located across the street. They do have their own parking lot, however you do have to pay. All in all I love this place!|0|0|0
yNnWaqDFdfD-MqbeAtDfSQ|aAlKX_pPAhu3dIInG9guCQ|4|These guys are great! Very chill, easily approachable and real people; none of that blow smoke up your ass fake kind of service. Just average everyday people who take pride in their work; I love that!When I go I get the "Old School" with bacon and tomato accompanied by a local soda (support your local business!). The sandy is awesome! On a rainy or cool autumn day nothing beats a great grilled cheese! This particular one is just as delicious as the menu describes it:"A precise blend of aged sharp cheddar enhanced with colby jack and pinch of asiago nestled between crisp slices of Italian or sour dough bread." It's just a melted cheese sandwich but doesn't it just sound divine? Well...it is! The bread is so crisp and fresh and the balance of cheeses is a beautiful marriage. The sharpness of the cheddar cuts the powerful flavor and aroma of the asiago while the colby jack adds a nice consistency and blandness to prevent an overwhelming cheese experience. Those two bold cheeses don't compete for dominance but rather work well together because of the more mild colby jack. Not a combination I would ever do at home so happy to see it here.I know what you're thinking: what's a grilled cheese without tomato soup? Well, it just so happens that they give you a sample cup size of this. I don't remember being the biggest fan of this (hence four instead of five) but I am particular about my tomato soup. I'll make a return visit so I can opine accordingly but don't stress the soup, it works.Overall this might be one of my favorite food trucks in RI. I only get the same thing time after time but that goes to show it's worth returning too ;)|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|IhmBr-yHC8xLjdnoq7O37w|5|I LOVE LUXE. Most specifically, I'll give you a recipe for the best burger on the planet: Patty, bbq pulled pork, coleslaw, bacon and cheese. POW. There you have it. Order that and you won't be disappointed. A combo of spicy pork atop a juicy burger, cooled down with a little coleslaw and cheese. And, well, who doesn't like bacon anyway?The atmosphere is cool. It can get pretty busy and you almost always have to wait a few minutes for a seat, but if you're looking for a most excellent burger, head to Luxe. You might have had better burgers somewhere else on this earth, but you haven't had a better one in Providence.|1|2|1
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|6_obXmQ5qX8frbj35wUX9w|4|I've been going to Geoff's for at least 12+ years- even followed it around Thayer Street as it switched locations. I'm not as fond of the Benefit Street location- now the sole locale since '08, but hey, I freakin' love this place. You want fancy food, kiss-ass customer service, clean tables, and A/C that works? Go elsewhere. The sandwiches here are diverse, creatively composed and named, and they don't skimp on any ingredients. Take a few minutes to linger over the chalkboard menu and giggle at the names, but know exactly what you want when you step up to the counter, because staff does not suffer fools gladly. Yes, prices are a little high, and you may have to wipe down your own table and chair before eating. But you can bet your ass I'll be grabbing a cold, crunchy delicious pickle from the open barrel- and yes, I will take my Rocky on a roll with an extra side of surly, please!|1|2|1
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|r4XAPY-sCQXesK3Hw5rKwQ|5|I have not had Ethiopian food before but I hope it's always as good as it is at Absynia.  I've been there twice now and I must say that the food and the staff is awesome.  I'm allergic to beets but wanted the vegetarian platter.  They made sure there were no beets on the salad and replaced the beet dish with what seemed to be was twice the portion.  Everything was very tasty and my favorite I must say is the red lentil dish|0|0|0
04ZBAOo6ffXkhSICqngaIQ|O9oRSlng92w43FDHrbI_YA|5|two words: BUBBLE TEAthis place has a great selection of teas and I have great conversations with strangers here.|0|0|2
YEUgaDmoKvYQynNgVGenbw|41GUi1qvVeWDhHeviDF7pg|3|My group didn't have quite the horrific experience other's had here...Sat outside, ordered a couple pitchers of sangria. Weirdly the second one was a COMPLETELY different color, but whatevver. Service was fairly quick, and very nice, quite attentive. Food wasnt great, wasn't terrible. Little pricey for the quality. While i did get sick that night, it wasnt from their food. Lesson learned though, don't get drunk on overpriced drinks at Shark and then try to brush your teeth...with IcyHot. Doh!The shark tank was kinda cool in a gimmicky way.|1|0|0
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|0jSU3I6zAz1yDCETWmWqUw|1|Went there last night for the first time. Looked like a fun place with a great location. It was relatively slow on a Saturday night when we were seated and there we sat for 25 minutes being completely ignored by waitresses (as they were hitting on two guys at the table next to us). As we left, the hostess asked what was wrong and we stated we were not being served and she just replied with an awkward look.We got up and went next door and I will NEVER GO BACK!|0|0|0
QadrDmx4k6Tl7QDz4fAWdg|fMFUNmmtkzBlYS0Gk_FVdw|2|I like knowing that the money I spend on food and drinks here will go to a good cause, and I love being able to pick my cause of choice at the end of every order. However, I just don't like the food or drinks that much.|0|0|0
Me0m9753dQgbcxdLpQq50A|5fzGrTKCyXkD0VrMsSqA6w|5|A friend of mine was playing here last weekend, so I stopped by. The place is small and cozy. I had a latte and a vanilla chai, both were phenomenal! A friend got  a sandwich, and he could not stop raving about how delicious it was.Malachi's has a wonderful selection of vegan items, and they are delicious, unlike the cardboard tasting vegan options one is usually presented with.They offer half priced refills if you save your receipt, so Malachi's is the perfect place to hang out for a while.Sometimes, like the Saturday night I was there,  they have open mic nights. All the artists played some great music, and it was a wonderful time.As I write this, I'm sipping on a Dunkin' Donuts latte, wishing I was closer to Providence so I could stop by Malachi's to get any one of their delicious beverages instead!Definitely stop in and give Malachi's a try - you wont be dissapointed!|1|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|-BgA1XTbaPXwf-u2wVldRg|3|I think this place may soon be in 4-5 star territory, but based on my first visit they're still finding their legs.  They've certainly done an impressive job of creating a totally different feel in the old Blue Elephant space. Well-thought-out, detail-oriented menu; friendly, chatty owner providing table service when it's not too busy (despite signs directing us to order at the bar); nice small selection of draft beer and larger selection of wine; many tempting food options.  However, everyone in my group agreed that they're going to need to work on the price points a little.  Don't get me wrong, I am happy to pay a premium for excellent, locally sourced food.  But a crepe should not be ten dollars unless it is filled with excellent, locally sourced caviar -- or unless it is ginormous, I guess.  Which these are not.  They are a normal, reasonable crepe size and should go for a normal, reasonable five to seven dollars depending on the nature of the fillings.  We tried both sweet and savory crepes; they were nicely plated, freshly made, and tasty (though the "egg cup" crepe needed a lot more seasoning and less cooking time for the egg). Price points on the cupcakes and drinks were much more appropriate, and the cupcakes were delicious.  I'm even willing to try the $18/person "high tea" one of these days based on the variety of goodies described.  I hope this place will succeed, and that they will make the adjustments required to help them sell a lot more tasty crepes.  Meanwhile, it'll be cupcake flights for me and my friends.|1|0|0
P2r5tl57DWK5AcZ_GiSvWg|pbQgFiv8Jog1RpDhCEZUbg|1|Why does anyone order from this place? I'd rather have pizza from a national chain. The pizza here has the consistency and flavor of cardboard - a fine calorie delivery system, but not an enjoyable eating experience.The location is a bit out of the way and tiny, but I've had pizza from here more times than I can count because they somehow managed a special relationship with Brown which means most events have to order pizza from them. After a few years, I got tired enough of their pizza that I'll just go spend $10 on Thayer rather than eat more of this stuff even it's free at a school event.|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|4pMDH_E2pw23ImawtLIWgg|3|Ah Gracie's. What to think about you? My friends think you are the creme de le creme when it comes to fine dining in respect to food, service and ambiance but I have other "food" for thoughts. First I'll list the gold stars and then I'll point out the frowny faces. Gold stars: 1) The amazingly strong cocktail. I couldn't say cocktails because I only needed one to get a huge buzz. I had the Mt Rainier cocktail special for restaurant week and it is punch in your head strong! I only remembered it had Cognac in it and was strong and full of flavor. 2) The entree I got was the Crescent Farm Duck. It was very tasty but the portion was a bit small however, they did kept the skin on which was crispy and true to how a duck should taste like. If you don't know about duck, all the meat is dark compared to a chicken so no white meat here. The fennel was good even though I don't like licorice. 3) Service was great that they were always there if we needed water but one waiter forgot our second helpings of bread so another waitress got them for us. Now for the frowny faces: 1) Noise level. I guess I have this image that fine dining includes soft conversations with your party and everyone including the wait staff is whispering the specials to us. But not heRE. I FELT LIKE I WAS ORDERING FROM MAMA KIMS FOOD TRUCK. But that might be just me. 2) Portions. Why is there always an indirect correlation between the amount of food (arrow pointing down) and the price of the food (arrow pointing up) for fancy restaurants?? My Rainier Cherry Salad, literally had three sprigs of Arugula and three cherries. And a spitful of balsamic dressing. 3) Why are they so stingy on the bread? The waitress brings a whole basket of bread and only serves us deli-style. Just leave it on the table and we'll sample each one!So, I'm sorry to say, I would only come here for restaurant week, when I can get a bang for my buck for the food. Other than that, I'd rather go down the street to Local 121 for some quieter dining.|3|2|1
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|yMmd6H50Wc_PsWaAOpzReA|4|Awesome food and a great ambiance. Would definitely go back again if in providence again. Wish I had something like it in Toledo!!|1|0|1
qylEvwzt5M_p7QTveZlEvQ|fNVGLOoX0ceHoyzStN2gGw|5|I love The ROI.  Where else can you dine in elegance while listening to a great jazz band?  If ROI means Return On Investment, I believe it did!  The food was great, the staff was so friendly, professional and accomodating (our waiter was Alonzo), and the atmosphere is hip and low key.  Needed reservations on a Saturday night and the place was packed with happy customers.  This isn't just good food, this is a great dining experience.|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|qTXaS4iDUOe2n7Pyh-tR7A|5|been back 4 more times... still. in. love.people who say the portions are small be CRAY. are you serious? we can never finish!|0|1|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|YF92e4kjHHiIZcjmKBVJbA|4|Four stars for the poached pear tart!  The crust + custard filling reminds me of a Portuguese egg tart.  Add a poached pear with cinnamon on top and you've got total deliciousness.  Only negative?  It costs $5.25 (which is, admittedly, still less than you will pay for a slice of pie from Pastiche).  It's been four years since my original review, but the menu hasn't changed much at Olga's, and the lunch items still seem pretty bland to me.  Last time I was there I got the vegan mushroom bisque.  It was hot + healthy, but lacking in flavor.  Nonetheless, I appreciate their constantly changing menu of home-made soups!|0|0|0
V5DHGTNGGdyHawRWcaDfoA|1hJJXtCULGN8NT2dQtYbMg|4|Full disclosure, my friend Tony owns this location. He is a great guy and is a social worker by day, so you should give him business on that strength alone.A large and clean member of the W2G fanchise. These wings and their sides are tasty, reasonably priced and hit the spot. This location anchors up and coming Ives street's restaurant corridor. If you want no frills wings and sports on 2 TV's, a solid choice. They deliver all over the ESide and Downtown.|2|0|2
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|OfdX0DGrAET9jqn_7gkXww|4|Good god, I will never forget the first time I ordered and ate my taste of heaven here. Not only for the food and great deal, but because a drunken, hairy fatty walked up to me (sitting at the window counter) and pressed his man boobs against the glass. He rubbed his nipples. Then he proceeded to start pulling down his pants. At this point his friends pulled him away. Make no mistake, during fourth meal this place was packed !! I ordered a medium pizza to share with friends, which came fast, fresh, and tasty. There is nothing I can say to describe the pizza here except that it was good, down to the last crumb. Greasy, as most pizza is, but that was easily taken care of with a napkin. The guy working the register was nothing but efficient while friendly. Stop here for cheap, good pizza. There is nothing they can do wrong, except maybe run out of food for a minute. Who knows, maybe it will be so packed that you bump into someone special and laugh about the fat guy with hairy boobs.|1|3|3
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|x5CMZDlNRZgwpliJy63SIw|4|Yummy yummy in my tummy.  Whenever I'm craving falafel, hummus or anything light and Mediterranean-like; East Side Pockets is the place to be.  I've never had a bad experience here, except for maybe the occasional line out the door situation; but I suppose that's not really a bad sign, right?  Anyway, some of the best stuff around.  Hands down!|0|0|0
rblZR9xtCUgwjE19AU2y8w|KeZLeCyNKet6m4gxlNR-dA|4|I don't know how they cook their chicken, but it melts in your mouth. It's consistently and remarkably good. Is it 'real' Indian food? Who cares? You're eating at the food court in the mall. If you wanted authenticity, you wouldn't have come looking for it here. Besides, I'm an american with no intention of traveling to India, I just want the food to be good. And it has been every time I've been here.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|0UIuzxfJzpuXG47Cbi_sFw|3|I was hoping to be blown away by their burgers and I wasn't.  My burger was good, not great.  The location is interesting.  I found the restaurant with a little help from my iPhone GPS.  Service was good and they have Blue Moon on draft which is a plus.  I like the build your own burger option.  I would return.|0|0|0
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|QeWYDajI7EFTcwNdlJvQHQ|2|The squash soup was fantastic, the baby green salad good but too much lemon, the salmon and asparagus way too smoky-smelling, the filet mignon blander than bland though cooked perfectly, the 2 fingerling potatoes buried beneath chunks of fatty bacon looked like they were picked up off the floor, and my cappuccino was lukewarm. Oh, and the hostess didn't smile and held her nose a bit too high. (I don't care how nice your restaurant is, be welcoming and smile. Especially at people who are being very friendly and smiling at you!).The highlights: the server was wonderful and my warm chocolate "cake" was delicious (oozing warm melted chocolate from center). What made the evening less than stellar: Another waiter added a glass of wine to our bill. Thankfully I looked at it - otherwise I would have paid $55 for $38 worth of wine.|1|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|Ncq5eApTnyArIzeRPFry7Q|5|I have been to Harry's several times, and each time the food has been excellent. The beer list is extensive and has something for everyone. New twists on old cocktails and hard shakes provide something on the sweeter side for those who are not interested in beer. The menu is simple and well organized. The service is pretty good for a busy burger joint, service is fast as well.The prices simply cannot be beat. For two sliders, fries, and a soda, the price is not much more than you would pay at McDonalds or Burger King, and the quality is ten times better.|0|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|51D5EoGld3PSFz-OBV3_VA|3|Love the atmosphere here. Small intimate bar feel and I'm always able to get a table. I've been here a couple of times. First time I came here pretty hungry, and I was expecting a big beefy burger and some fries. I didn't get that beefy burger... instead I got some burger sliders. Delicious... just not very filling. I like to eat... maybe I'm just a pig? Be sure to get an order of fries. They are awesome!Now the most important part of going to burger joint that has "bar" in its name... DRINKING! Harry's has a pretty big selection of beers. Which goes perfect with your sliders!|0|0|0
AKfHinPZ5vdPdHRzpvSWtw|L_hR80PFoJbkmTsSbOOzxQ|2|How could a place with such an awesome sister restaurant be so mediocre? I have a few ideas: first, they make the common (and in my opinion, usually unwise) move of trying to offer an ambitious variety of Korean and Japanese dishes on their menu. I didn't have the Japanese food, but the Korean food was a mess. My soft tofu soup was nice and hot, but pretty flavorless except for the salt. The seafood in it was not fresh and had an unpleasant fishy taste and rubbery texture - what little there was of it. My boyfriend got the stone pot bibimbap - a dish that is legendarily hard to mess up - except that again, the sauce was inexplicably weak and watery. Korean red pepper paste costs practically nothing and adds a lot of flavor without an unpleasant amount of heat...they should definitely take a few cooking lessons from the chef at the Johnston branch and learn how to use it. Also, unlike the other location, they serve kimchi that is clearly not homemade, in skimpy portions. Finally, the waitress we had on the day I went was pretty unpleasant. She literally stood over us until we ordered, despite more than one polite request to give us a few minutes. In retrospect, we should have walked out and made the trip to the other location.|2|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|DzUwQFXHEO0ISRp4WLcB0A|2|I am totally puzzled by the positive reviews for this place. Yes, the decor is great. That makes it a two-star place.The food is atrocious -- there's no other word for it.I am all for a locally-sourced seasonal menu. But unfortunately, Local 121 does not know what to do with the ingredients it so painstakingly selects.The service is also terrible. Slow, clueless, etc.If you go, go for the drinks. Don't even order appetizers with your meal. Seriously, the food ruins the atmosphere.|2|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|R-W_OXrdMnyF5Obn2osUlg|4|I absolutely enjoyed my crpe from here. I've tried making crpes at home, but it's not the same. I had the Rita, which has spinach, tomato, mushroom, onion and feta. After a minimal wait, I brought my food to an outside table to eat, as the inside was packed. I didn't care that I was eating in an alley, complete with dumpsters in view. The food was still really good.|0|0|0
L_0dqYPcUK8LrCxbSmwxkA|F6MPrQ5oxQL2Wq1v5ENDzA|4|I went there for some Portuguese cookies to take to a friend's house.    They have a great selection of little cookies and you can buy them by the dozen...mix and match...lots of them with chocolate emphasis, but very delicious, delicate and tasty..|0|0|0
_dyFKoP9aoYty0Ot_lW0AA|SNNqHITC-UJCC-ouNLfxpA|1|avoid at all costs...stay home first, or go to church, or crossroads ri, anyplace else!!|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|odq8SUSIT8narMOKlZrg6Q|4|4 of us had breakfast at Tazza this morning.  The food was good, one server was training two more, and the place had that look & feel that said "college town".  Loudly.  For me, that's a good thing so I was having a great time.Coffee was very good, crab cakes were tasty, corned beef hash was okay, homefries were a letdown.  I asked for an English muffin & the server said that while they didn't have them, there were Portuguese sweetbreads that were similar.  We had a surreal conversation where I couldn't understand how a sweetbread was a substitute for an English muffin at breakfast.After a quick conversation with a Johnson & Wales student in the kitchen, she realized that a sweetbread was the deep fried thymus gland of a veal calf.  No, that wasn't what she really meant, and the substitute for an English muffin was actually a sweet little roll that did resemble an English muffin.  I guess you had to be there.Anyway, it was a good breakfast spot close to the Hotel Providence & I'd recommend it as an alternative to a Starbucks.  As a trendy nightspot, I don't know.  It looks the part.|1|1|2
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|jCfyi8mOBqMJrj_DZFalgg|3|A charming antidote to the predictability of Starbucks - if only their drip coffee was better. Fortunately, they serve a variety of coffee-related drinks that are top notch and serve some delicious baked goods along with a moist wonderful carrot cake. The interior is dark but inviting. Plenty of ac outlets and free wifi for those who wish to camp out. Even if you're not looking for coffee or beans, it's worth poking your head in and checking out.|3|3|2
wKaal1Y4D9DIJPkHVNyP_A|lrUoTkfHV4oxh_bMh8lcsw|5|Can't say enough good things about this place. We've been many times since they opened and never disappointed. Just had the pleasure of introducing my visiting family to Bacaro and they were blown away by the food and service. They get many ingredients fresh locally and you can taste how much the chefs care about their product.Some tips from our many visits:Try whatever seasonal pizza they have at the time, especially if it has pumpkin or corn on it.Save room for dessert. Check the dessert menu early as sometimes you have to pre-order with dinner for items to be done in time.Their two menu staples Pasta con Fungi and Crispy Chicken are both seemingly simple but wonderfully executed. I could eat the crispy chicken every night.Have wine. If you're unsure, ask. Their servers all seem to know their way around the list and I've found them quite helpful when making decisions on what to order.They have an outdoor patio in the summer that looks beautiful, although I've never eaten out there.If you haven't been to Bacaro, you must go try it soon. You will not regret it.|1|1|1
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|pCGhLbFA8Q2N_LypEOdHcw|4|I admit, I think I had as much fun reading about the Duck and Bunny from afar then I did actually visiting. Don't take that to mean that the quality of the food is in any way sub-par, or that there is anything wrong with the establishment,. In fact, all I really mean by that is the term 'Snuggery' is one of the single greatest words I've heard coined recently. In fact nothing but the idea of eating at a 'Snuggery' named "The Duck and Bunny" kept me sane throughout hours of lines, security checkpoints, snoring companions of airplanes, days of sleeplessness and a wedding. I still have a bit of trouble reading the words 'Duck, Bunny. and Snuggery" without giggling a little. They might be the three cutest words ever put together.Ok, so it isn't just the name, although it does help; the Duck and Bunny makes their position on local foods very apparent from their website, and have a very interesting menu on a very nicely designed website. Straight off a six hour plane trip, I needed some good food and caffeine in me, or else the little daemons of insanity that were gnawing at the corners of my reality might gain purchase and start their invasion in earnest. I recall ordering an awful lot of food, there was a cheese plate, and a few espresso drinks, and a crepe, or maybe two. I might of had a traveling companion. I think I did, and we both ate like royalty. The espresso drinks were very well done; I'm always very happy to see non-career baristas taking the time to make a really good espresso drink rather than just an acceptable one. The food is exactly as delicious as it looks and sounds. The aesthetics of the location, which I confess to not noticing until about halfway through my third course and fourth cappuccino were incredible. The owner managed to tie together a lot of vintage and modern furniture in a wide variety of styles into a single coherent (if eclectic) collection. It's rare that the style of a place can leave a strong impression, but I have never been in a place that had more thought and effort put into the design. Every detail was attended to in order to create the look of a snuggery. Until I heard of the Duck and Bunny, I had no idea what a snuggery (giggle)  was'; upon setting foot, I new straight away that this is what a snuggery (giggle) should look like.And all that was before I saw the garden. The garden is simply impeccably charming beyond words. It really must be seen to be fully appreciated.The Duck and Bunny is somewhat remarkable. Before hearing about it, I had no idea what a 'Snuggery' was. and now I'm not quite sure how I lived without.|0|1|0
KFfXz86HU9Svn3y_ngFnsQ|Z0e3naC7HJTEaDzBp44wDw|5|This is a really great place to stop off for lunch if you're downtown.They are right on westminister, good price, and the food is always tastey.The thing that really impressed me the most about Mama Teresa's is the service. I stopped in with some co-workers awhile back and I liked the look of something they had but I said I wasn't going to get it, cause I didn't have enough money on me (embarresing I know!). The person working over heard me and gave it to me, said I could come back and pay them when I had the money.  (Which I did, the next day) I just thought that was really nice of them, not something most resturants would do. I guess Mama Teresa treats everyone like family.|1|1|1
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|4TCOItk-gIJROyNA5ftZ-Q|3|Decent Cambodian restaurant off Wickenden. The food is good, the service is attentive, and the restaurant itself is small and family owned. The prices are reasonable for the area though a little higher than other Cambodian I've had off the beaten path. Worth a visit.|0|0|0
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|go6R-CfDT3dU8UZQBpNpPQ|1|We went around Thayer Street  looking for a bite (somewhere we haven't gone before was our hope) and almost decided on Paragon again until we saw English Alehouse sign. We were greeted quite nicely and given opportunity to view both the upstairs menu and downstairs pub menu. The receptionist was nice and friendly. So we walked into the pub following the receptionist and both of us could not believe the distasteful odor of septic backup. Seated near the rear of the pub, we could not enjoy the food as waves of pungent smells took over as customers walked by. Thank God we bought some incense just before our arrival... Here we sat waving the incense around to avoid the odor.My partner ordered meatloaf which sounded good but was definitely not something we would suggest.... he never got his veggies either. I had the fish n chips which was okay... FYI tarter sauce very spicy for those of you who like tarter sauce but not hot. We didn't know till we tried it! Needless to say do not go if you aren't half in the bag and might not notice the aroma... Beer is probably good though!|0|0|0
YA1V1bpw0PPjAmztikduNA|fyIt4l6afXhXs-lbaW1oPw|5|Huge Calzones, made right in front of you, at a decent price. I had the eggplant parmesan, it was exquisite, definetly a good place to get a quick bite. I really hope they stay on Thayer for a long time|0|0|0
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|bDuVjoGOoilJEgfhM1iQfg|4|I've yet to be disappointed by Shanghai. Every time I've ordered takeout it's been delicious, and I've always had a fun time dining in as well.Their salads are where its really at. Both the avocado salad and the spicy tuna salad are fantastic. They both have this spicy mayo dressing that's topped with tempura in lieu of croutons and I'm obsessed with it.As for soups I've tried the hot & sour and the tofu & seafood. Both were really yummy with flavorful broth and the portion is so big that I always have some left over.Their sushi rolls are also surprisingly good, especially some of the specialty ones. For a place that does a few different Asian cuisines, they cover their bases pretty well and hardly cut corners. Definitely some of my favorite Chinese/Japanese is PVD.|1|0|1
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|IcdxwCBX6rNHwlcFJEVVtQ|4|I like the place itself - it's funky and cool and the staff are friendly, not to mention quick. The artwork by local graffiti legend Shepard Fairey is amazing. When I get a pie from here, I usually go the for BBQ chicken topping, because I love it. The Hus loves the plain cheese and could it a slice every day. I'll admit: I'm not the biggest pizza fan. That doesn't mean I don't know a good slice when I have one... And Nice Slice serves up a nice slice!|1|1|2
J4lY9l9LsKWBTa49cY0-mw|jwtTBTYuL8249q26lmJH6A|3|My friend and I were a bit dissapointed by our experience here this Sunday. This place definitely has some kinks to work out. An experience that should have taken less than an hour on a day when they were almost empty took 90 minutes. The wings are really good so that is one good thing. Our waiter seemed to be inexperienced and was not great. So we got our wings then we waited...and waited...and waited. Seeing as a pizza doesn't take that long to cook my friend finally asked what the hold up was. The answer from the waiter was that he doesnt know then he never bothered to find out, just went to another table. The girl up front told us that they had issues with the oven and had to change out the coals so it may not have been heated when we got there. Ok but where is the communication?? Should we really have to ask 2 people why it is taking an hour to get a pizza in an empty restaurant? They should have volunteered it just so we know there is an issue. The margherita pizza was just ok and is made with shredded mozzarella instead of buffalo mozzarella. This is a cheap move and the taste is completely different, and minimal basil. Meh. The crust is good, typical brick oven type crust. The decor is pretty nice. Butterscotch pudding is also good. The website advertises valet on the weekends but the girl at the front said she doesn't think they have it on Sundays. We were expecting there to be valet but when no one was outside we went to find a parking spot. And lastly, the online reservation system. I put in a request then called to change it verbally. I told the girl she could cancel the online request, which she did not do. A week later I get an email confirmation for my original reservation. What restaurant takes a week to get back about a reservation anyway?? Especially when it is for 8 people. We definitely expected more from this place|1|0|0
aGI4Y4bFjYOthrc3sVBa8g|1YwqBzvZLmV3XQ5vrcE6DQ|2|These guys advertise that they have Allie's Donuts. Well, they do have donuts, but they aren't Allie's, despite the fact that the owner's statements to to contrary. In the winter, this place has nothing to offer, so I can't see these owners very lasting long.|0|0|0
kATS8uEAIQfeD66JypmgaQ|t53R6c6AoP-9JdQeCtTnBw|5|This is by far the BEST steak.....cook to perfection.  Great service starting with free valet parking, from the host to the waiter everything was perfect.Couldn't ask for better tasting food.  LOVE this place.|0|0|0
KU3o2bfHa-igvS7DgnpzDw|JauUrzrWq6FE55BwC-b7Aw|4|Quick, fresh and relatively cheap. This is a good place to go if you're looking to satisfy your sushi craving (which if you're like me can get quite intense!). I got the sushi combo. A and I like how they let me switch out one of the items for something else (me like choices!). It came with miso soup, but you can choose salad if you wanted that.The rice was made well -- not too mushy nor overly or under seasoned. The fish on my nigiri wasn't anything to do a back flip about, but it wasn't bad either. I was actually able to finish my miso, which had a good mix of tofu and seaweed without being intensely sodium-laden like some misos can be.The restaurant is clean and very express (you bus your own table). I left satisfied and would definitely come back if I wanted a quick sushi fix.|1|0|1
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|zQ4bdohHLDHnkj3LiNxGlA|5|Went for a special birthday dinner with my wife. Ordered the 7 course tasting menu.  The staff was nice, and very attentive. The food was pretty incredible.  The only course that was underwhelming was the lead course of steak tartare. While it was good, it didn't wow me. The potatoe gnocchi with Brussels Sprouts was my favorite course, followed by the foie gras, and the duck.  Most of the dishes emphasized winter vegetables, from Brussels  sprouts to beets, to carrots and potatoes , and the pairings worked well with the earthiness of the meets. The only complaint I have is that there was a little too much time between some of the dishes.|1|0|1
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|OYP5ji4eEemu-EOMebeQ2w|4|I love Andrea's.  Conveniently located on Thayer and Meeting, it's very spacious (especially now that they've expanded it some more), the waiting staff is always VERY friendly (including the managers who are always great), the prices are very reasonable, and the food is delicious.If you don't necessarily want anything to eat, it's a great place to go and have a drink and/or dessert.To start off, I really like their Calamari because they also add in peppers to give a nice kick to it.  For the main course, I usually go with a Souvlaki sandwich (lamb or beef), which is only about 8 bucks (it comes with salad and rice, too), but I've tried a variety of other courses and can honestly say that it's all around great food.If you're in the mood for Mediterranean food with a nice atmosphere, Andrea's is the spot for you!|1|0|1
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|BfWDQUBTK4wHSZH9UJ8Skg|3|Great margaritas.Chips and salsa are very good.Everything else... just okay.We go because our friends like the place, and it's convenient to their house.  Will continue to go there... but it's fairly standard Mexican-American fare.|0|0|0
RIzlH7t_wVhiTFklmYC1RA|f8dTQPyPkOatuFKtgt9Vkg|4|I had a lovely meal at New Rivers last week.  Though everything was delicious, the squid was by far the best I have ever had.  Coupled with a pickled rhubarb, it was absolutely out of this world.    There were a couple detractors to an otherwise amazing experience though, which is keeping me from giving it the full five stars.  I tried a signature cocktail and wasn't in love with it.  It sounded like an interesting idea but the idea proved better than the reality.  The service, though friendly, was a little awkward.  I also found that I couldn't stop staring at the rather extensive use of duct tape on one wall.  Not something I would probably even notice at my local bar, but seemed out of the ordinary in an establishment of this caliber.|1|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|bBoL76FIW_F7gSJffCy4rg|3|Loved loved loved the pizza. If I go back again, I'll only order just that. The baked pasta with 5 cheeses was alright, but I've definitely had better. And I was hoping for maybe fresh pasta? Considering all the hype this place gets. The strawberry rhubarb tart was yummy, as was the apple tart. There's something special about their pastry crust, it's just awesome. But the host had way too much of an attitude problem. We showed up on a Wednesday night early with 10 people and he acted like we were the biggest inconvenience of his life. The place was friggen empty. If I wasn't entertaining so many people I would have left.|0|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|V2UvWWhl2K5x1wdhBH5DwQ|5|Great sushi. Very fresh .|0|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|LgTQHEtSI42z474OF4FbuA|2|What happened? If you had asked me about 10 years ago I would have said that Tortilla Flats had the best tex mex on the East Side. I'm a little sad to say it's nowhere near as good as it once was. I'm not sure what changed internally, but it is very noticeable in the overall presentation. I ordered a chimichanga and the ground beef had a strange texture and taste to it, similar to tomato paste. My rice was pretty dry from what I can remember and the refried beans were burnt. The atmosphere saves it a little. There's a good bar and the people are friendly, but the food presentation has gone way downhill. I would only go there again for drinks and maybe a plate of nachos.|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|_pc-wC5PvaMLG5GycgHy6A|4|Local 121 is seriously bipolar. I've gone for drinks in the afternoons, when the bar is pretty dead; I've had dinner, which was chic and delicious (despite pretty terrible service the baked Rhode Island makes up for it); and then their late-night dance party, which is damn awesome. I have no idea how one place pulls off so many different experiences but I absolutely love it here!|0|0|0
KCVy3xDOhMZBCbbLRsXvVw|nVvsGGmtk7ZzvmhEX01fkQ|3|UPDATE: I see XO Steakhouse has closed.  Small wonder, I suppose.******My friend B----- and I dined at XO Steakhouse one rainy evening last November. We'd spent the afternoon at the RISD museum and were wandering along North Main Street looking for a place to eat. I'd left my umbrella in B-----'s car and my cloth jacket and I were wholly unprepared for the deluge that came upon us. Cursing a blue streak and my jacket soaked, B----- (whose waterproof jacket made him slightly less profane) and I ducked into the XO Steakhouse, the first place we saw. The bar area looked comfortable enough and we sat at a table near the front, looking out on a nearly deserted North Main Street. I fully admit to sticker shock when I opened the menu. The restaurant seemed nice and all but it didn't look like the kind of place where you invested in a thirty dollar entree, particularly given the cliched mural on a side wall showing a bunch of "celebrity" caricatures, including Buddy (How do you caricature a caricature?) drinking cocktails and hanging out at the bar. I was even more surprised when the waitress explained that all menu items were a la carte and that the portions were "on the small side." Now I've been to my share of upscale restaurants but I've never been to one where the waitress felt compelled to warn you that you're going to pay a lot and not get much in return. In my mind, that indicates a restaurant working a little too hard to rise above its station. But we already had our cocktails, I was starting to dry out, and we weren't going anywhere. I ordered the lobster wantons, a lamb chop and truffle-infused French fries. B----- ordered a steak and a salad of some kind. The waitress recommended ordering desert along with the meal because the chef made all desserts to order and it could take some time to prepare. Never one to say no to dessert, I requested the creme brulee. I don't remember what B----- ordered. When it comes to dessert, it's every man for himself. The lobster wantons, my lamb chop, and the creme brulee were delicious but I found the truffle fries too soggy for my taste. For what it was, the ambiance was enjoyable, and our waitress was attentive. With the tip, our bill came to around $180, which we split evenly. At least our meal got me some frequent flier miles on my charge card. Take a date to XO if you want to impress her but assuming your date has a modicum of intelligence, one look at the menu and she'll know you're expecting a return on your investment. As good as the food was, I cannot justify the cost. Ninety bucks for dinner with a guy friend who's not going off to war, getting married or dying, is just not worth it.|1|1|1
AKfHinPZ5vdPdHRzpvSWtw|Yhotyln7QiqpPOfNij2LEw|4|My last two visits were quite pleasant! The BBQ, soon tofu stew, and sushi were all very good! Things are looking on the up and up!Sidebar: I hate to be a party poopers, but I gotta point out a typo in one of the window banners near the entrance... It says Sasimi instead of Sashimi. LOL|0|1|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|P-MPAWFp5aTMQERQoMJ8og|1|We went here for Restaurant Weeks for lunch, really excited to grab a burger and sit outside on our lunch break.  Food:  It definitely wasn't bad, but honestly the burgers were not good and nobody at my table had a burger that was cooked to their specifications (my medium rare was well done, etc.)  I also was quite excited about the whole "build your own burger," but the topping selection was quite...mundane.  Tomatoes, onions, pickles, etc.  Service:  Wow.  It was bad.  Really bad.  We were there for two hours (including the 15 minute wait) for BURGERS.  I was really surprised.  I don't know if it was just understaffed or what happened, but the bartender (who had a full bar) was running food and grabbing things for other tables.  The waitresses seemed a little too laid-back for what was going on.I really like Harry's, so I was really surprised at my experience.  I hope that it was just an off-night, but I would recommend many other burger places before Luxe.|1|0|0
VmWymzt1wSYtjpm6oDXFjA|9oDwZu4WosvCh5jJYblX8A|3|This is a good thai place in Providence.   I am from NYC and my favorite thai place [Sripraphai] definitely beats this one, so using it as a comparison.   The food is good at Pakarang - not particularly mind blowing, but very typical of many thai restaurants.  Not as spicy.|0|0|0
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|uYqpUIjos0puuar__elBkw|2|Oh Lola, Lola, Lola, I'm not sure we'll be back...  You have something going for you and that's your outdoor deck on the river and the designer you had decorate.  But, you are a restaurant and restaurants should serve good food and drink.  That latter of which I'm afraid you lack.  All of our food was served tepid to room temp.  Even the nachos were full of unmelted cheese.  I want to caution possible vegetarians as ours randomly came with ground beef, and no guacamole as the menu promised.   Our server told us you were out of avocados from a busy weekend but made no offer for substitution.  Ho-hum. Our entrees were bland and the  drinks were not composed as the menu listed?  While I can have grace for my waitress spilling one third of my drink on two occasions, I was not anticipating the strong mango in my 'rita.  She said the menu was misprinted.  Lola, I beg you - change your bar book to match your already printed menus if this is the case.Next time we'll take our out of town guest to Whiskey's Irish bar for their nachos. They share the same view.|2|1|2
24CV8Si8DulpStT7s71Agw|aOKFxiYcOFFn9Tox3sc-4Q|4|I enjoyed a lovely homemade black bean burger with pepperjack cheese on a delicious brioche bun for $8. it came with a side of chips.the hot chocolate is also particularly delicious...a nice little cafe with homemade soup, sandwich and salad options!|0|0|0
BxmSFfCPQN_bg24l44a56Q|HsIjCTEjKXvqerOuo_tYKw|5|Brown parents, forget Federal Hill, go to Dorrence. It's the place for  sophisticated foodies. Serious food at reasonable prices in an architecturally significant space. Unpretentious staff and singular cocktails.|0|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|bsRRfqNvCPPNTIIF4gZLfA|4|I am a fan because they are hand down the strongest margaritas around! In fact, they might be the strongest margaritas I have ever had.  I actually like the food too.  I think the gaucamole is really good, I like that you can mix your salsa (mild and spicy) and I think the Baja fish tacos are AWESOME.  I have never really had a bad meal here. I would advise against getting a picher as I think they are less strong than the individual margs.  I am a fan.|0|0|0
PJIwOJtZvgg03qrakVfxwg|VwxdsJu0u0S8QMtRGMzcuQ|5|This is "downcity brekfist" after my own heart.  Sequestered just off the street in the busy financial district, Tommy's is gotten to by a brick walkway leading from the sidewalk.  Once inside, you step down into a dimly-lit, cavernous dining area.  And what food it is!!  Crisp-skinned, fragrant sausages; eggs cooked exactly as requested every time; Delicious coffee poured by a waitress who calls you "hon" as if it were still l958 and Elvis were on the jukebox.  There's a bar, too, and even at breakfast  you'll see colourful Providence characters sitting there, sipping coffee or what Alex Trebek calls "potent potables" while anxiously dividing their time between the TV news and the Keno screen.  Good food, good prices, friendly and attentive staff, authentic atmosphere.  This place is a regular stop for me.|3|0|2
d1PfPAYUYN_AoIw1v6cwrQ|pHXVQ0ypzTd7Jy7qBDOAJw|4|Roots Cafe has been a Westminster presence just for over a year now, replacing the Providence Black Rep bar location. While the aesthetics (moody, rich, earthy, warm colors) feel pretty much the same, the vision of this venue to be Providence cultural center for a wide diversity of events makes it a unique community gathering place. I've seen some great live music here, but I've also come for Providence Improv Fest, Pecha Kucha, and a fabulous school fundraiser.Space-a-plenty - depending on the music you might dance, sit at an up-close cafe table or side bench, or let the music take the background to converse with friends from the balcony lounge or hang back at the bar. I appreciate the refreshingly "mature" clientele at this bar. A fine opportunity to invest a little more talent pouring the drinks to make this place a destination to fully engage the senses. As of now what you get are shallow, uninspired, ice-heavy pours priced high. Overall, a special downcity venue for music in a cool, relaxed, homegrown setting.|0|1|1
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|G9iniUutMqg73ALpeHc8Ug|3|Stopped in for a bite yesterday...Had the MOAB, Bacon Cheddar Dog, S&P Fries, and Sweet Potato Fries and a Warsteiner.  The staff was very friendly and it's my kind of environment.  This place could easily be 5 stars if they paid closer attention to seasoning.  I LOVE salt, but everything I had was too salty for most anyone.|0|0|0
3Fl9FLuDyOiqXOU8iM2Aqw|VFkzf-g8NqJj402sE433kA|5|May I introduce you all to my new favorite place?Free WiFiDELICIOUS appetizersHookahRelaxed, chill atmosphereNice ownersBeautiful decorCool Moroccan stuff for sale.Love this place! For $25 you can get a pot of tea, hookah, and a platter of all of their appetizers. It's great to just sit and do work with your food, your tea, and your hookah and listen to some great music. My friend and I were there for about 4.5 hours doing worked and enjoyed every minute (except for the moments we were actually doing work!). This place is an undiscovered gem! Try it! You'll probably see me there when you go!|3|3|5
_BG8WroxU2JbZSij6VWx_A|cERTy8KUdLyvPZIIWKJnlA|4|We stopped in for a restaurant week dinner.  way too much food oye!  So first of all restaurant week is amazing 3 course dinner+ a beer for less than $30! Insane...  My hubs got the mussels for an app, which unfortunately I don't like mussels and can not review but he really enjoyed them. I got the warm goat cheese dip, which was delicious. For dinner he had the shrimp and steak which he also enjoyed but felt his steak was slightly over-cooked.  I had the scallops which were interesting, they were spicy and zesty and covered in blue cheese and bacon.  Oh my! I have never had scallops prepared in this manner and I think they might be on to something. I was too stuffed to even have my dessert so I ordered the Irish Soda Bread pudding to go, what a nice treat that was the following night! Our server was funny and cheerful and made our evening even better.|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|heNST89kp1ufMtKvuqXU3g|5|Totally impressed with this place! I went with a party of seven on a busy Saturday night, and they seated us upstairs almost instantly. Where can you go in Prov on a Saturday night with seven people (and no reservation) and get seated instantly? Awesome. The place was really hoppin' and you could tell the waiters were busy but they were really nice to my friends, several of whom were trying Indian food for the first time. They weren't just polite; they were actually really friendly. The papadum crackers they bring out are the YUM. I could eat lots of those. The food was really good. Better than most Indian places I've been to, actually. I like "spicy" but not too spicy (yeah I'm one of those.) And if you're like me, then you'll like this place. Big on flavor, just the right amount of curry, and you won't be gulping down water like a camel.  Also, I just want to say that I love the atmosphere in here. They managed to use primary colors on the walls, doors and trim- yellow, blue and red- without it looking kidsy. The look totally jives with the Indian food atmosphere. We sat in the upstairs though, so I can't speak for the downstairs. We thought it would be a great place to eat in the summer, because they probably open those nice big windows when it gets warm. And there's always something interesting going on down on Thayer Street below.Highly recommended.|0|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|JCRSn8yC7i2wbBO-lrJVfw|5|Take this place for what its worth, a great little joint in the Brown area of Providence.  I was in from out of town (i live in Philadelphia) and after seeing this place on DIners, Drive-INs and Dives, i had to try it.  Ordered the Drunk Johnny omelette (homemade corned beef hash, onions and cheese) with Rye toast and a coffee. Absolutely outstanding!  One of the top 5 breakfasts i have ever had, if not the top.  asked for a side of hot sauce, and they brought out a homemade sauce in an old large crystal hot sauce jar.  That too was amazing!  Wish they sold it, i would have taken some home.  Not your normal vinegary hot sauce, and couldnt really place some of the flavors, but almost like a spicy tomato sauce with roasted red peppers in it.  Home fries were excellent too, and nice rustic rye toast.   I will be back next time i am in town.......|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|Zb62VawsFL7rVhUGP-RafA|5|Tater tots an philly cheesesteak eggrolls!|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|NkRGMnrEX77ly1wmCLsuBA|3|Not the best burger I've had by any means but the atmosphere and the overall concept is awesome.  I like how one is able to customize his/her burger with various toppings.  The mac and cheese is well worth trying and the chili is great also.|0|0|0
QadrDmx4k6Tl7QDz4fAWdg|oo-3c7bZndIYh6xKj-v4nQ|4|Delicious hot Chai.I know, it's "summer" but many times I am a hot beverages kind of lady.Friendly workers. Nice tunes. Green cafe; throwaways are biodegradable. Free wi-fi. I am not sure if there is a better/other non-franchise cafe on "The Newbury Street for College kids." Boring logo. Good place to see fliers, listings of what's going on.Good "Kind" bars. I was comfortable hanging out there for hours. Listening to some bizarre conversations from some of Providence's more downtrodden obese type as well as militant anti-high fructose corn syrup talk from the baristas. The girl skips over the MK songs on her I-pod, she says "she just doesn't care." Ha.Just found out this place donates 10% of it's profits to progressive causes and customers can vote on them. Hmmm..Food Inc. now playing around the corner.|0|0|2
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|p7yKhra2GK8va5EvYJ7hWg|2|This seems more like a drinking place than an eating place.  So-so Chinese food, relatively slow service, and too much up-selling.  There are better Chinese restaurants in Providence, though not necessarily in the Thayer Street area.|0|1|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|NrHY0p1tAkt6c9npr2jfoQ|1|I have been mulling this review over for some time, because I was too upset to have it come out right when it all happened, so here goes. I have been to The Duck and Bunny several times for lunch when I pass through town on business, which is pretty often. The first time, I loved it, because there was one male employee behind the bar who was very kind to me and the food was great.  So I decided to make it a regular stop on the rotation. The next two visits were pretty bad. I'll elaborate on my final visit.There were two female employees who were gabbing away and ignored me as I stood in the doorway until I finally asked to be seated or even just look at a menu while they chatted. One of them said, "Sorry, didn't notice you there. Are you alone?", which is maybe the worst way to great a solo customer. So I sat down and waited for someone to take my order. And waited. I was trying to relax, and accept maybe this was the style at a place like this, until I saw that the table of three who came in after me had already been served their lunch! Finally, I just went up and asked if I could order and they apologized for forgetting about me all alone in the corner.  To add insult to injury, the special I ordered (an "asian" style crepe noodle dish) tasted like it came straight out of an Annie Chun boxed mix. Needless to say, I had to walk up to get my own check. Walked up to get my change back. And said goodbye to myself as I felt like an invisible person as I was ignored once again.As a traveling businesswoman, I eat alone almost most of my lunches, and I don't believe I have ever been treated so poorly. Based on the way I was treated, I don't think I'll be back, solo or not.|3|0|0
VXAJvtWSzeFzZinJRs75rg|rpt4eOsS2Elb2MRCSPl1YQ|2|Spice is not so nice. It's like one of those cheap, greasy Chinese takeout places, except that it tries not to pass itself off as one of those takeout places.The interior is actually quite nice, but the food is way too greasy. It literally is like that from a Chinese takeout place. And the food isn't terribly cheap either (around $13 per entree for dinner).Spice should really 1) serve food that appropriately matches the dining room or 2) just become a Chinese takeout place and lower their prices.At least I can say the Thai tea was quite tasty.|0|0|0
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|W4c692Zn6e632dBq86_fnQ|4|I'm a Southerner living up here and I'll tell ya, this is legit BBQ. I was more than impressed with the ribs and the greens were awesome (spicy). Iheld off on five stars only out of personal preference.....I happen to like sweet cornbread.The staff was very polite, the portions very large and the restaurant was clean, a major plus. My only complaint is that it can get a little crowded in there.|0|0|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|P-MPAWFp5aTMQERQoMJ8og|4|Olga's is so Rhode Island.  So Rhody- delicious food in a whimsical setting.  But I think what I like the best, and what keeps people coming back, is the consistent GOOD food.  The prices are a little steeper than an average coffee shop, but the quality of their ingredients speak for their prices.  I personally am a sucker for their grilled cheese, their soups, and the coffee!  So either grab tart and coffee for breakfast or a grilled sandwich and a soup for lunch.  Heavenly!|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|4ENBFSuIT-8vfRHZysQHag|4|Veggie meat on a pizza?!?  It's like a dream come true for me!!This place definitely stands out from other pizza places that I've been to.  They have street art up by Shepard Fairey, tattooed guys making pizzas, and gluten free options.We got 2 whole wheat pies:1.  Half Joy Ride (ricotta, spinach, mozzarella), Half Margherita 2.  Half Regular, Half Peppers/OnionsThey were all pretty delicious.  Crust was perfect!  On the regular slices the pizza held up really well and you could hear the crispiness with each bite.  They even had key lime pie soda...score!!|0|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|pOjgCTg0sXvGVcJETxcq5g|5|So I came here for the first time after passing it a ton of time prior and boy I was not disappointed!  The food was great, the service was great, and the vast beer selection was great.The burgers are to sliders, but that was plenty of food don't be fooled by the term slider this is no white castle burger. In addition fries were good too, the sweet potatoes fries came with this spicy green sauce which was pretty good. I loved the atmosphere and decor, I was a tiny bit tacky but in a good way. They also had a great variety of beers, and they even offered "Das Boot"!All in all, this place is def worth checking out for a great burger, I was not disappointed with my stop here and I am sure you won't be either. I mean the food is really reasonably priced, great bar, friendly service, and for dessert Irish Car Bomb Brownie... Is there really any going wrong with that combination?|0|0|0
_dyFKoP9aoYty0Ot_lW0AA|OGV40r9v4MZ7r2gwkutNbw|4|This club is always crowded!  They play really good music and they've got an awesome outdoor patio overlooking the water!  Girls can dance on stage which is really fun if your favorite song is playing!  They've always got contests going on here where you can win money.. its just a really fun place!|1|0|0
wKaal1Y4D9DIJPkHVNyP_A|OuHZ4T0Cr0yX_9QL49LwYw|5|I've been to Bacaro several times including last night for a work dinner.  Every time I eat here I walk away thinking "wow, this is as good as food gets!"  LOVE it!!!|0|0|0
nWu8OljDYmLfbLQqcfW9Sw|m-TsawGiLTkiZtRNXdYN2w|3|Did I miss something? When did Westminster Street become a mini Koreatown? I'm a little confused at the name of the place because I thought Teriyaki was Japanese. Or is the Teriyaki name a sly way of paying homage to Korea's time under Japanese rule?Anyway, I love Korean food for the heat and spice it packs as well as the kimchi side dishes that come with every meal. Korean House gets the gist of Korean food right as whatever I've tried seemed to be well prepared and had a homestyle feel to it with decent portions and side dishes. What was missing was the trademark heat. The food has a lightly spiced vinegary taste to it that disappoints. Its not bad, its just that the dilution of a proud culinary tradition to fit the unrefined palates of those who don't know better does a huge disservice to true connoisseurs of Korean food. Nothing more than average.|0|1|0
A6dVeZf0ZKgOqKxB7y0F0w|LmcYDVSrnwOtwbLvoCkVTA|2|I went to try this place out say two weeks after it opened. I was extremely disappointed with the outcome of this visit. The people taking my order were poorly trained and seemed confused as to how to work the registers with the manager standing right beside them coaching them along. I noticed they have a sign taped to the register saying how all their burgers are cooked to order. Thats a crock of BS. After I placed my order I waited and when I was given my order it was COMPLETELY wrong. Not a single thing about the burger was right. They left everything I had asked for off. Surprisingly enough the owner was sitting at the table behind me and heard me complaining to my boyfriend about the poor burger. He asked me what I had ordered and took my burger and went to change it. Little did I know this was a senile old man who really wasn't listening at all. Brought me some other burger that was still completely wrong. I decided to quit complaining because I felt it was a battle I wasn't going to win without getting really frustrated. I had the hope that the burger would be worth it even if it wasn't what I originally wanted. The bun was stale, and the burger had the texture/taste as if it were sitting in a steam tray (NOT cooked to order). Gross. The only thing I can say that was nice about the meal was the fries were good. But a burger place is not judged by its fries. For the price of the meal as well your better off going to Wings and Things which is right around the corner and its cheaper and way better.|1|0|1
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|5THOPwq9R4ld3_RbZvMZjg|2|So, apparently American Idol was in town at the Dunkin Donuts Center. Okay, that means more people, I get it... but the restaurant wasn't TOTALLY full. And not EVERYONE was coming back from auditioning from AI. Then why was the service so slow and awful???We waited for almost ten minutes after being seated (a 20-minute wait, of course), and still, no sign of a waiter. Okay. Well, at least we knew what we wanted to order, from appetizer to entrees. So then when our waiter fiiinally comes around, we ask for waters and tell him we're ready to order. He stops us and says he'd like to get to that later (???), to which I am sure I made a face. Then, a few seconds later, he tells us, oh, never mind, he'll take our orders now. Mmm... thanks for wanting to do your job...? That's so sweet...Anyway. Orders in. Drinks come out. Then all of a sudden, our main dishes appear... without our appetizer. *Raises eyebrow* After we're halfway done with our meal, the waiter shows up (it was the food runner who gave us our entrees) and asks if everything's going well, scans the table, realizes that the appetizer hasn't come out, and tells us, so sorry, it'll come out. I mean, this was just a silly, silly dinner. The only reason I'm giving this place two stars vs. one is that I'm kind of a sucker for Americanized Chinese food, and the sesame chicken is super tasty. And I dig that they serve brown rice.Needless to say... P.F. Chang's is not really my favourite addition to my beloved Providence Place Mall. But at least it's an option... on the bottom of my list...|0|1|1
4EljqY21fLOtLaoWCJlsIQ|J8R8IxBCEgyn4xkmCDAdow|2|I'm usually a fan of Uno's - they're the only mainstream chain that I'll agree to eat at. Unfortunately my last visit here was super disappointing. Our waitress was...not sure how to put this...oblivious? She was really nice, and I feel bad for saying this but the girl needs some lessons on refilling drinks, taking plates off the table, and not abruptly interrupting conversations. Regardless of the service, the food was a huge disappointment. We ordered the crab "fun-do", which was mostly melted cheese with some thawing shrimp inside (it was still cold when I bit into it). For dinner we all had pasta, and two of the dishes were insanely buttery - to the point where we couldn't finish it because it was so intense. The bottom of the pasta bowl was swimming in butter.I guess if I ever come back, I'll be sticking with the chicken fingers and pizza.|0|0|0
04ZBAOo6ffXkhSICqngaIQ|2dyfZNhtyuHdestczTgWjQ|3|Brew with your small crewPersonal pot (made from tea)Bubbles in all drinks!Tea makes me skeptical. As someone with a passion for coffee, I often consider tea to be that sissy cousin you pushed around as kids who developed crippling social issues later in life. Instead, Tealuxe has turned that kid into that same cousin who decided to fight his demons, hit the gym hard, and excel at Division II collegiate sports, leading to a brief but lucrative CFL career.With all the varieties, there really is something to choose for any palate, including avowed caffeine addicts. The Mate variety packs a spicy punch, as well as a full compliment of caffeine and the herbal varieties make great iced drinks. If you're in the mood for something but not sure of the specifics, ask the staff. They've been very helpful on quite a few occasions for me, and I've never come away disappointed when I trust their recommendation. I really love that they only have one or two things pre-brewed, so you know that what you're getting is very fresh.Tealuxe, as a shop, is a great spot to chill, but not if you're in a large group. It's too loud to study or get any real work accomplished as well. It's best suited to a quick conversation over a pot of tea instead of an all afternoon laptop binge.Points deducted for lack of group seating and a shaky wireless connection|0|3|0
mMbrhKD5kE5pLBi76BQbpA|oCGZ4U3rjwibcoJ_pPZA4Q|5|Went on a whim while out to see Waterfire and had an excellent dinner. We (a party of three) ordered the Caesar salad for the table as an appetizer, which had plenty of shaved parmesan on it. I had the pepper-crusted ahi tuna, which had amazing creamy mashed potatoes to accompany it. The tuna itself was quite good, although it wasn't prepared in a way that really let the quality of the meat shine (a bit too cooked for my tastes). My brother had a burger with some fantastic sweet potato fries. We finished with a very good crme brle and an exceptional cherry bread pudding. Our waiter was very friendly, helpful and engaging and the atmosphere was calm and comfortable. They have really nifty walls, with stacked stones and mortar. Overall a very pleasant surprise! Being a bit further away from the main drag, I suspect it'd be a great place to go to avoid the crowds.|1|0|0
x05vLVOH2OQr-8ATmfItRg|Yhotyln7QiqpPOfNij2LEw|5|Someone go with me to "Happy Hour" here... seriously... They have a huge munchables list for really low prices. And I loooooove me a bargain... I'd like to come here for oysters one day.. Who's in?|0|2|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|pOjgCTg0sXvGVcJETxcq5g|4|Great spot to grab a quick slice of pizza, after a night on the town.The thin crust pizza is pretty good, not as good as a NY slice, but not the less still tasty. Open late and  right between the waterfront and the bars on Wickenden making it the perfect spot to grab a late nigh bite.Overall, the pizza is good but not a destination shop for me, but great if your in the area.|0|0|0
L3uemg97EJZ1SfjEE60Qvw|f8EfbLJg_EFFDXQ7tVmHXQ|5|They make the most delicious quesadilla I have ever had in my entire life. With so-fresh-you-can-taste-it vegetables. Need I say more?|0|0|1
LahgT0Dec0B6NSws7VHiJQ|UnnQ7aPuVPX02WBDakpBVw|4|One of the best-kept secrets of Providence. This place gets points for originality and excellent food! With dog names like The Mutt, Samurai Dog and Reuben Dog, ordering is as fun as eating. And, the funky names don't detract from the food. The dogs are cooked to perfection with firm skin,  and just-right toppings.My favorite? "The Junkyard Dog" with tomato, pickle, scallions, pepperoncini and Spike's mustard!|1|0|0
A6dVeZf0ZKgOqKxB7y0F0w|xlm2pjMTRIMlhgxgU04SoA|4|Very surprised by this place after only hearing average reviews.  Came in late night (~11:45 PM) and was met with absolutely no line and only a 5-8 min wait for 2 burgers and fries.  Staff was very friendly and my boyfriend's mid rare burger was actually medium when we got home (what was expected after a 20 min car ride, eating in would have resulted in a true mid rare).  Lamb burger was delicious, although again, may have suffered structurally with travel times, as well as the Old Fashioned.  Greek fries were also an interesting choice, however, they do require dexterous use of a fork due to ample and tasty, albeit non-melty feta.  As a food service industry member, I greatly appreciated the quality and flavor of the food, as well as the late night hours (till 1 AM).  Will be back in the wee hours again.|1|0|0
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|dqS7Y6BtdMvqriPqt3IYlw|4|Mill's is amazing.  The only reason they lose a star is it's hit or miss whether I, as a vegetarian, can eat anything on their menu that isn't a side.People may grumble about Mill's calling themselves a "tavern" when they're obviously a very nice restaurant, but seriously: their bar is fantastic.  If you appreciate a really well-made cocktail, or if you need to see spirits that can't be found in your average TGIFriday's, or even your average nice restaurant, absolutely go to Mill's.  I love it when bartenders nerd out and relish giving a customer a ten-point landing on a cocktail they thought they knew.  They've even got great happy-hour food specials.  My omnivorous friends have fallen all over themselves evangelizing the meat entrees at Mill's, and I'm inclined to believe them.  There's certainly a lot of meat.  At Mill's, that probably means it's done well, because the joie de vivre of the chef seems to be the magic, and that joie is clearly focused on meat.  I get the sense that vegetarian entrees aren't consciously omitted so much as only served when the inspiration strikes to serve a particular entree that happens, unintentionally, to be vegetarian.  But when they hit, they hit.  There was a goat-cheese-stuffed sage gnocchi they served me once years ago that I still pine for.The atmosphere of Mill's is the sometimes-metaphorical equivalent of sinking into a giant, very comfortable leather chair.  This is the sort of place you bring the in-laws from Indianapolis who want to eat a very nice, upscale dinner and really feel like they're buried in the arms of Providence, past and present.  It's the sort of place that's casual to people who dress well to begin with.  It's the sort of place where you'll blow a lot of money on a really, really, really pleasant evening.  It's a good place.  Save it for a night when you plan to kick back and savor.|1|0|0
87h9WI6h9cjNHxQd0FizBA|FlvxeXfNW8IHDYDIsHjSgg|4|Another College Hill classic. I've been going here for over 2 decades. Recently we had breakfast and the service was excellent for us even though they were slammed. A friend waiting for another table had a run in with the hostess who was a little too strict about seating. We wanted to give our table up to our friend. Don't mess with their system, bro. The benedict is excellent. Compote of the whole wheat toast in the French style - a delight. Ethiopian coffee pressed in the French style - dark and perfecto. Potatoes - not in the French style - golden brown and crispy. The crepes are a big hit with the kids.|1|1|1
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|OQwhpWsMAZUc-nTrT_WbGA|3|If you're looking for a small bite to eat in a really cutesy atmosphere, come to the Duck & Bunny! They have a gorgeous inside with about three rooms, all with white chandeliers and a small bar located in the main room. I really enjoy this place, specifically if I am looking to have a nice cup of tea or coffee with a delectable homemade cupcake! I would more likely come here for brunch, rather than dinner. their menu is a little short, but non the less delicious, mostly serving crepes with a funky twist. During the spring and summer months, they have an outside patio that is super nice. Nice green vines growing along the fence and a relaxing little spot with outdoor couches. if youre looking for a place to bring your mum when shes in town, or a spot to meet a friend in town, check out the Duck & Bunny!|1|0|0
qhz-qmRp30-khTbJ3DjnYw|DPjTisV8HhAbNTOefBVGzg|4|Sketchy hours, AMAZING FOOD!You gotta plan time for this one, but I'll tell you it is worth it, and the portions are huge! Went here with a large group and the waitress was fine, no negative things to say about her! Totally would go back!|0|0|0
BhjVNGhWBeWx-joM_xwS9w|GZkHMXS8iTOgFGS2iv_M4g|2|I sat at the bar with a friend and had a really good time.  Service and food was excellent!  However, when I went to the bathroom, my sandwich (which I put in a to-go box) was THROWN OUT!  Really?  I only went away for 5 minutes, and the bar was only half full. When I came back,  I was offered the sandwich from OUT OF THE TRASH by the bartender!?! I loved my sandwich but I feel like for $10 I could at LEAST enjoy the second half the next day....or an offer of some money back?  Something?  Really?  What an unconcerned staff!|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|yMfkw9r6bhqC0sUSvbPLpQ|3|A solid 3.5 stars but not quite a 4. All three of us had the combination platter, which came with a generous portion of salad (with pickles and peppers and feta cheese and other deliciousness.. ), rice and lentils, syrian bread (meh.. wish they gave us pita), and a less generous portion of your choice of 2 meats (I got the gyro and beef steak kabob.. wish I had gotten just gyro).Things I liked:- Really clean- Staff was really nice- Got my food super fast which was clutch because I was starving- Salad was fresh and plentiful and yummy-  Gyro was goodThings I didn't like:- Beef steak kabob - dry- Wish they gave more meat for the $$$ (~$8 for the platter)Not bad but I think I had better gyros in some mall food court in South Jersey... but would probably come back especially after a night of drinking.|1|0|0
1-WF9A4i-0fI8XxCFbqrTA|zhfWNCJDg7iPLdmn7sdG2w|4|This is the wild, wild west of Providence... a little pretentious, and totally overboard with the decor and the atmosphere, but I really enjoyed my food, and the wait staff were great. I got the Carolina BBQ pulled pork, and it was exactly what I wanted it to be. Came with a large piece of cornbread and sweetened butter, and some of the best beans I've ever tasted. I usually hate coleslaw, but the coleslaw I got with my meal was a perfect complement. Overall, a very pleasant experience. If you are in Providence and just craving some BBQ, you know where to go.|1|0|1
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|_0cWueK8TnVQgzDAHYzmqA|5|This place knows how to operate. I've been living on Ives for a while now and this is easily the best thing to happen to Ives since....well...maybe since I moved in.They know how to run a business and they know how to advertise in a big way. They gather customers and they keep them. How? Fantastic store front decor. Nice red tiles and red means BBQ. They have a great ad car: tiny little smart car that delivers late into the night. We got some pulled pork and collard greens. The collard greens are tasty, cooked in pork fat and little pieces of scrumptious bacon. Very tasty BBQ sauce which you do not get around here. I've had better in the South but hey, best you can get in Rhode Island. Savory, sweet, and with a good touch of acid. During football season, they have awesome deals on wings on Sundays and they're tasty, your choice of bbq or buffalo. These wings were even better than those at the old wings place on the corner of Wickenden and Ives. They're smoked and it makes a difference for sure. I've also had the pork ribs there. Also great and reasonable prices as well. But damn...those're probably some of the most authentic and delicious collards I've ever had. Try 'em next time you come 'round.|2|0|1
P2r5tl57DWK5AcZ_GiSvWg|NlxStRdWDQ5khEfa_z1iqA|3|Very tasty, with an inventive mix of ingredients. You can build your own, or choose from their vast list of ideas. The salad we ordered was pretty good. Downsides: It's a little pricey for pizza, and they won't deliver to the west side (well, Big Tony's will, but they will take 20 minutes to find your house, so that probably balances out).|0|0|0
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|IcdxwCBX6rNHwlcFJEVVtQ|4|Yummy yummy yummy. These sandwiches are tasty and the ingredients are super-fresh. The staff is really friendly and accommodating to special requests -- Can you melt this? Add that? Swap this?  -- that are always met with a sincere 'YES!!!' I love the huge selection and the quirky combos. You can also go for it on your own and concoct something on a whim to suit your hankering of the moment. The only drawback, as previous reviewers have mentioned, is the run-down decor. Defs needs a spruce-up. But that's not to detract from the sammies, which I love. Scrumps, guys - scrumps.|6|4|4
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|-Ecm_cRLt4WI9r0P9fBGeQ|3|Right across the street from Antonio's and often an after thought if it's too crowded acrosss the street but Nice Slice has some really good pizza too. I'd say the pizza is just as good if not a little better than their competition. They don't have quite the variety but they do still have about a dozen different choices.Antonio's wins out over Nice Slice for the variety and the available seating inside.|0|0|0
9H1o-FdVnFrwKDDqTB5oBA|BVS9dttQihhhUGPwX8N9vQ|3|3 stars for the chocolate covered bacon and funky decor.No stars for the below average burger. I got the Cowboy and was so dissapointed- flavorless patty, no wheat bun option, and BAD BBQ.Don't waste your time here- go right to Ted's.|1|1|0
ut_1gB1F-m-tSZwd32w6hw|uiGdtsCaIFPRSc23qbHzqQ|4|I enjoy the steak there. The unlimited salad bar is always a welcome addition to a meal, but make sure not to fill up on the great bread they keep up there. The wait staff is usually very attentive. They have an on-premise butcher shop.What I dislike is showing up at 5pm on a Monday, seeing an almost totally empty restaurant, and being told by an obnoxious Host that they're booked solid and I can't get in until 7pm. Me: (looking around) "But it's practically empty..."Host: "We have reservations that start at 6pm."Me: "It's only 5pm now. It's not like it takes the 2 of us that long to eat."Host: "I can't do it."Meanwhile, a Hostess comes up behind him. I explain the situation to her. He helplessly gestures at the reservation book. She looks at it, looks at him like he has 3 heads, and says "Follow me." Sounds like they still have some training to do.|1|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|Wbwv4at33RscYwinLrxA4A|4|Paragon is the epicenter of Thayer street, both geographically and in terms of influence. This restaurant is one of the oldest in the neighborhood, and is the go-to location for many Brown students and East Side residents. Its one of those great mid-range price restaurants that is versatile enough for going to dinner with friends, bringing the parents when they come to visit, or going for drinks and partying. The menu covers a selection of salads, panini's, pasta, hamburgers, and steaks. They have some good seafood like salmon, scallops, and mussells too. This definitely isn't a "foodie" place -- nothing on the menu is artistically creative or super special, but you'll find something for everyone. My personal favorite dish is the Lobster Mac N' Cheese.|1|0|1
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|99WbAuIcCgssOzMsf6y9dw|2|It's your typical Mexican Place. The drinks and location are good, however service is lacking. I was recently here on Labor Day weekend around 7pm. When ordering drinks I was surprised to learn 3 out of the 4  beers on tap were kicked. The food is decent, like previous reviews for this spot, its nothing to write home about. I don't think ill return.|0|0|0
A6dVeZf0ZKgOqKxB7y0F0w|F0tYHaVuk58XIxbv8ZfrjA|3|Good, not great.  Hopefully they'll improve with time, as they've just been open for a few weeks.  The fries were good--fried in olive oil, which adds flavor and reduces the guilt a tad.  The burger was good but I don't get why they must all be cooked medium-well.  Perhaps this actually is a health dept. regulation, but if so, it's unfortunate!  Plus, they really should be using lettuce other than iceberg--it's 2010!|0|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|O9g6yNCA4EOc3t1sERX_3Q|1|Call the health dept!  This place was disgusting. The "clean plates" had food on them, the silverware was sticky and there was food/sauces all over the floor. Walking by the raw meats, the ground beef was brown an smelly, the chicken had not been cleaned, and the seafood was just scary. To top it all off, te waiter talked to us like we were two year olds. Lunch is until 4:00, we walked in at 3:40 and were told we were going be charged the dinner prices. We lost our appetite and left before even biting into our salad. Don't waste your money or risk your health!!!|0|0|0
GLdIHOP5VUCdgAiuQnKmPA|4TCOItk-gIJROyNA5ftZ-Q|3|good wings with a ton of sauce options (the asian chili sauce is particularly good) and you can order any number of wings you want (currently 65 cents/wing). I'd opt for carry out b/c of the lack of ambiance (this place kind of has a truck stop diner vibe to me).|0|0|0
I8dgF5_UENHKJwb0k8J49Q|WRbpY90ProkPWwh8iAEyrQ|5|So good and cheap. They actually had carnitas!  I gatta say, New England isn't know for their Mexican food or Tex-Mex, but this place is really good.|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|joe0L3vf19873nmVgGaitg|4|Very good with reservations (we went on a weekday though in the summer/was not busy.  There is a great variety on the menu and it pointed out what dishes were dairy and gluten free.  The portions are reasonable. Price was good. Service was good. Had the chicken spicy something dish (i forgot what it was named exactly).I recommend|0|0|0
pZnk9tKEHrEIHq0NfSzXRA|rU69PD13eg_QKrfxSj5U9A|5|This is a true gem for downtown Providence.  Each visit has left me satisfied and  feeling as though I've been on a 2 hour vacation in a distant, cozy but lively, and romantic place.  The atmosphere is comforting and is built to engage you with whoever you are eating with, whether it's sitting on the windowsill or at the bar.  The staff are all personable and engage you to develop what you might find interesting and like to order.  The food is affordable, delicious, and meant to be enjoyed.  Something I have found special about visits to flan y ago is that I have never seen anyone on their cell phone inside.  In an age of distraction where we rarely appreciate the people we're with and the space that we're in, I was thrilled to note that at Flan y Ajo that no one wanted to be distracted from their experience.  The only distraction from the company you go with is the wonderful food.  The only distraction from the food is the company you bring.  Test out Flan y Ajo, you'll feel on top of the world and leave wanting to break out of your otherwise everyday mundane routine.|1|0|0
Gdu0UVTG8a9M8syTmT4b6Q|8EO5gYK2Jl6nhXzGRk_DKQ|5|great place to hide behind your macbook and kill your wallet on a 'tall' cup of coffee.|0|0|0
QadrDmx4k6Tl7QDz4fAWdg|d_gt7E-ldc5zAZ0TVUnTYw|2|Decent coffee, but nothing special. Definitely not worth going out of your way. Staff always seems preoccupied. For better coffee, try Coffee Exchange or Seven Stars.|0|0|0
t0CBd_dgyztTvUkGX5fPBg|4TCOItk-gIJROyNA5ftZ-Q|4|dense, chewy, satisfying, inexpensive bagels|1|0|0
SkY-3itZowxA9lByHVX2Dg|HWIkv4fFVHl69OTr468VVg|3|My experience with McFadden's is limited to monthly tech meetups held in their private room, which likely explains why my experience has been so different from that of others who've reviewed the place. That said, it is a reliable venue for groups looking for a private space. It helps that the private room has a projector and access to a, albeit unreliable, wifi connection.The food is surprisingly good considering McFadden's exists primarily as a bar. There's nothing spectacular about the menu, but their sandwiches are reliable and quite filling. They've clearly chosen menu items that are classified as "bar food" and can be delivered with consistency and little trouble; in other words, there's nothing "out of the box." Still, their burgers are consistently cooked to requested temperatures, their sandwiches are robustly-flavored thanks to heavy applications of attendant sauces, and the fries that accompany both are plentiful. As for beers, McFadden's has 13 different drafts and a comparable selection of bottled options, all predominantly domestic brews. Wine is also available, as are a variety of "well" liquors.Service, even in the private room, can be inconsistent at times depending on how busy the dining room is. Nonetheless, the staff is friendly and quite accommodating of the groups it hosts.|0|0|0
YEUgaDmoKvYQynNgVGenbw|C5Avkksj5Iom9saQyoEM8w|4|"Hey wanna check out this place, Shark?"  Uhh, sure what's there?  "They have sharkssss."  Hm, good enough for me!Came here late night on a very busy Thursday on Thayer St.  Brown students filled the streets as we made our way to the restaurant/bar.  At 11:30 pm we easily found seats at the bar and were promptly given drink menus.  I ordered a drink (the name escapes me) that was basically like spiked grape juicy juice.  It wasn't bad!  My date was given an extremely strong Manhattan.  No complaints here!The shark tank behind the bar was a bit disorienting from the angle we were sitting at.  Not an ideal situation when you've had a few strong drinks.  The sharks were pretty cool, with various other fish and coral also on display.  Nice trendy atmosphere at this late hour.  The bar area was well lit from the large shark tank, though I can't imagine its very bright in other areas of the restaurant.Not sure what time this place closes but we left shortly after 1 am without feeling rushed to leave.  I'm not big into sushi, etc so I'm not sure I would return here for food.|3|1|1
HhE3mzDy2ScbkyllFYP0cQ|t2x-mIhaS-pYBtRwBTf-CA|5|I'm writing this review solely because I so often crave the bagel sandwiches that sustained me for years on end. I lived on Thayer, above one of the stores so Bagel Gourmet Ol was right across the street. I was a regular. Good customer service -- fast and reliable. Bacon, egg, and cheese on a plain or everything bagel. I'm in heaven. Prices are decent and I will forever love you Bagel Gourmet.Also, yeah not Mexican food. Thank John C. for clearing that one up.|0|0|0
TZqSbTyzsVVcHR9K2fUvcQ|X2Vztu1xlYOEB3Igo9MMZg|3|I wouldn't go out of my way to find this place hidden in the Jewelry District but if you are in the area for lunch they make some solid sandwiches. They are pretty quick. They don't have the friendliest service but its a pick up counter so it doesn't really bother me. Good price for a good sandwich.|0|0|0
Wd9p_AlZTnN6pBHmT9YemQ|CZt7vQOdhR9AmgJKLSeqFg|4|Went here on a Saturday night and sat around the bar. What a great menu, This is not the Jackie's from Warren that I know and should not be considered in the same class.The bar and dining room are beautifully designed and decorated. This is the first upscale Asian dining experience in RI. Many locals are not used to asian dishes costing ~$20, but the meal I had was the best Asian food I have had in RI. We ordered the Five Spice Calamari app, Steamed Sea Scallops with Garlic and Vermicelli Noodles, and Singapore Chili Prawns with Chinese Buns. I posted photos on yelp too. All the seafood was cooked perfectly, and tasted great. I read many reviews that said the service was rushed but we did not experience that and enjoyed the pace and had a glass of wine after dinner too, total time ~2hrs.Complimentary valet parking is key for this place and made going out on a very rain night very enjoyable.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|TTJ6q55Q8a8QbNwtEoARXQ|3|There is lots to like about this place... the atmosphere is hip yet cozy and warm with a classy vibe. Our server was friendly, albeit a bit anxious to take our order on a pretty dead Sunday afternoon. He even tried to take our order while my dining pal was in the restroom... umm?Anyway, we both built our burgers. Mine was good though a little bit rarer than I expected when ordered medium-rare (the typical temperature I order my burgers at). I also couldn't taste the spicy ketchup I requested and dipped my burger in regular ketchup on my plate because the whole wheat bun was a bit on the dry side.The gorgonzola tater tots I added on for only an additional $.70 or something stole the show... they were delicious. As was the chocolate-marshmallow milk shake I ordered. It was tasty but the glass was packed full of large marshmallows and there wasn't much shake in the glass.I'd definitely go back with friends if I was in the area again... I'd like to try the build-your-own mac and cheese and an alcoholic milkshake!|0|0|0
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|Z1K_XUH1EsVxyDfhqRe8NA|4|Tried this spot today with my kids.  We had the pulled pork sandwiches, homemade chips and onion rings.  Everything was good and fresh.  The restaurant is small but very clean.  Prices very reasonable, $6 for the sandwich.  Enjoyed the barbecue sauces on the tables.|1|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|g-1H5NAzK1Abbm-h4MQ3Rg|4|great atmosphere, good drinks,and the bartender was really friendly.  The rainbow smelts, the burger, the bacon wrapped scallops and the risotto were really good.|2|0|1
it9mZRfzo9DsFmddSESLbw|mIma_DRqYFkCAO_nIgYBIQ|5|Best Thai on the East Side.  The pricing is good, and the menu selection is diverse.  I've tried something new every time I've been since moving here, and I haven't been disappointed yet.|1|0|0
BxmSFfCPQN_bg24l44a56Q|zkc0E7qgDGGrrOyQdZib-Q|5|Dorrance...I...I love you.The bar knew what it was doing, spectacular cocktails.  The building is beautiful, built in 1901.  The service was phenomenal. Attentive and personal without being too much of either.  Music was also great and complimented dinner, mix of old jazz and Otis Redding.Can't wait to get back to Providence for another visit.|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|YUjc6_wq3Nqsb7809Fr6bg|4|I've been a fan of Kabob and Curry since I was an undergrad at Brown, and now as an alum, it's one of the places that I have to hit up every time I visit Providence.  Since moving to the SFBay area, it's a little hard to make the trek frequently, but it's definitely a must-eat.I've long been a fan of the lunch specials.  a curry or entree, plus rice or naan and a mango lassi will be under $10 during lunch time.  I used to order to-go quite frequently (1x/week) during school with other students, and it's quite easy to get something new every time, or just try your standby favorite dishes.  They also have an interesting mix of North and South Indian cuisines -- both the heavy curries as well as dosas.  My favorite dishes are their mango curries.  I've tried to re-create the curry sauce as they make it there, and I can never quite do it justice.  Either the mango chicken, mango vegetable, or mango lamb would be a great bet.  If you get a dosa, their sambar chutney is quite good.  Nice and spicy.  The  naan is also pretty good, as well as their vegetable samosas.On Sundays, they have a buffet spread for $11, which is a pretty good deal.  Most of the curries, naan, rice, and rice pudding for dessert, along with the veggies and salad.  It was a frequent after-church spot with my friends.The service is always pretty fast and friendly, and it's a great addition to the rest of Thayer Street.  I'm always sad to go back and see that things have changed since I was an undergrad-- the disappearance of Dunkin Donuts or even Spike's, but I would probably be the saddest to see Kabob and Curry go.|2|1|1
it9mZRfzo9DsFmddSESLbw|x0t0Vj9EzI9jA5rRy4KRLg|5|Best Tai food in miles!  It's authentic and very good.  If you've never eaten at a place like it, I suggest you try it.  Try the chive dumplings too.  The only bad thing I can say is that the appetizers are small for the price.|0|0|0
ezfOX2z0EOFH6UOQyrkRpA|9U30DANobkrn3Zlu6T9p6Q|4|Nick R nailed it: "If you want a great meal with great service and not have a care in world that you'll get a sub-par meal for the price - this is your place."There's no shortage of high-end chain steakhouses, but Fleming's has always been good to me and this visit was not any different. The atmosphere, the decor, the service (for the most part) and the food were exceptional. Here's the rundown on the grub I had on New Years:-Sweet Chili Calamari: Exceptional-Filet: Very Good-New Years Seafood Platter - great mix of lobster, mussels, shrimp, etc... - Very Good-Alaska Crab Legs - Exceptional-Flemings Potatoes: Very Good-Grilled Asparagus: Have had better at home-Mac & Cheese: somewhere between Good and Very Good-Sauteed Mushrooms: Very Good-Worth-noting: Perfectly executed slightly dirty Grey Goose martini for only $12.95 - AwesomePicking up on that last note, I think it's worth mentioning that for a high-end steak joint, Fleming's does focus on value.... may have been that I was in Prov & everything is cheaper in Prov. My only constructive criticism is that the service started strong and then got weaker toward the end of the night - First rule of waiting tables as someone who has done it: You don't tell patrons you want to go home.This might have been 4.5 stars without the service issue, but the service solidified a 4 star rating.|1|0|1
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|C1K9VHWJuBInQTNBEfWqhw|2|My first time here was in November 2009 and I thought it was pretty decent. Nice atmosphere, burgers were large, and service was fine. I decided to go back on April 21, 2010...what a mistake that turned out to be. The service was still good (we had a young blonde girl who was very friendly) but the food was awful. I wouldn't be surprised if this place goes out of business this year because the quality has gone south. My brother and cousin both got the kobe burger and I'm not kidding when I say the beef pattie was no larger than 1/4 pound, and that's being generous. I had the chicken breast sandwich and all of the toppings (salsa, lettuce) were old-looking and bland.My thought is that this place is cutting back on quality because they aren't doing well. Do yourself a favor and eat somewhere else. You'd be better off grabbing a burger at Five Guys in Seekonk and then heading somewhere else for drinks than to waste your money here.Oh yes, I forgot about the mussels appetizer and the fact that no less than five of them were closed...meaning they were probably dead before being cooked and needed to be avoided. Why couldn't the kitchen have noticed that and taken them out of the bowl before serving? The mussels (the ones that were open) were really good but their quality control is lacking.|0|0|0
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|zBWePZiBcAJxvb3MKYqFRw|4|I have been to many different Cheesecake Factories and this one is no different. Came in and was seated right away. The reason I enjoy it here is because they have so many choices to pick from that you can try something new every time. Plus, I love their cheesecake !|0|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|tj37m2DkXs2Tu3ykyJFeYQ|2|i went to viva on a thursday night.  there was a providence college basketball game on t.v. and the crowd seemed to be predominantly PC kids.  Mostly waspy clean cut white guys in blazers, some even in ties.  the girls were out in their cocktail dresses shak'n it.  the music was basically remixes of top 40.  the one thing that stood out was the excellent drinks and the very hot bar tender.  also, the decor was clean and contemporary.  if this sounds like your scene then it's definitely a 5 star but not really my kind of place hence the two stars.|0|0|0
QadrDmx4k6Tl7QDz4fAWdg|S8cJbdfMOxDkita7piHKjA|3|Blue State Coffee is alright for what it is. Cheap, organic fair trade coffee at very reasonable prices. In addition to that, it's right next to one of my jobs so if I have to step out, it can be quick.Issues:- The espresso. Is. So. Bitter. It's actually sour, and it made me want to retch, but I had to earn that $2 so I damn well choked it down. Awful awful awful.- Is the pushy liberal agenda necessary? I'm no conservative by any means, I just don't like politics with my coffee. (Or at all, really.) Whackness.- NO CHARGE SOY. That's what it really gets points for. And being close and generally pretty quick to serve.|2|2|2
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|_Zo0sIkSpWurzNjVnXiBOg|3|Good pizza - generous slices - would go back.|0|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|BglwG4Vqk4dUcC8_Snb-Mg|3|BYOB is cool but means you have to think/plan/buy ahead.Rolls are great! Very fresh, nice preparations! Service is very abrupt and impersonal...but there's no denying its efficiency.Decor is drab. Terrible "artwork," but that's just me being bitchy :)|1|0|0
w9oW1PJoAjZfv85hxZbnEg|VqSFTE5f-mDzoLeXS-16xw|3|I'm not going to give a lot of info on the food, because I am no where near a seafood expert.  I want to comment more on the atmosphere.  I ended up here because The Hot Club was crazy busy and I wanted to grab a few drinks while enjoying a beautiful day on the water.  The deck was spacious and they have a nice open area just inside. It almost looks like they're ready to start up a dance floor too. I can see this becoming a good after work place to chill for a few drinks and apps. While The Hot Club was crazy busy, this place had only 2 other parties there, which means we were able to grab a table on the deck and have pretty good service. It also meant that I felt pressure to order food, but as I said I'm not a huge seafood person. So while the food was good, I'm going to end my review there.  All I have to say is that the location is great and as of right now this is an undiscovered place, so check it out and let me know if the seafood is actually worthy of bringing real seafood people here.|0|0|0
LLMIzRMVcu_F7gwfdY_wSQ|KxLsjy0sRewxG9Ved77sRw|4|Great place! Small but cozy. Food is great! Meeeeee likey! I give it a 4 cause nothing really wow-Ed me... But everything was really good.|0|0|0
VmWymzt1wSYtjpm6oDXFjA|77eVe7AVDUp4s-fPFlGg8Q|3|Consthis place needs a facelift, it's a little bit odd looking, the waiters are atentive but don't give a feeling of class or qualityi got a dirty water glass and cutlery.Prosthe food was pretty good.  it had taste and flavour - nothing special but pretty good.It's very reasonably priced, even cheap and good value.|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|iJMDvVg6Mgl43is4XxIKsA|5|They have such great Indian food here.  I've tried the chicken tikka masala, biriyani, chicken curries, the giant stuffed dosas, samosas, naan, and other yumminess.  It's my favorite Indian restaurant in RI!  I've eaten here as well as getting take-out, and the food is NEVER disappointing.  Prices are cheap and service is great.  It's definitely my top choice for Indian restaurants in RI, and I'm willing to go out of my way to make a trip there whenever I have a craving ;-)|3|0|1
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|irH6e37NowYq4V-m6GYV1g|4|I love this place evrytime!DOES NOT DISAPPOINT ME!The food is good, this place is ALWAYS crowded so i recommend to RSVP. everything is so good, i always get the salmon and it is sooo yummy!!!!|1|1|1
YwHAVxQyHC3NekG8wUTtew|C5Avkksj5Iom9saQyoEM8w|2|Blake's Tavern leaves much to be desired.  A group of friends and I decided to stop in for a quick drink on our way from one location in Providence to another.  The first, most uncomfortable experience about walking in here was the bar going absolutely silent as we found a place to settle down.  Very. . . awkward. . . silence. . .The waitress came over and ordered our drinks with relative speed.  I ordered an Amaretto Sour (of which the waitress was unsure they'd have the ingredients for. . . )  For a bar that boasts "mixed drinks are a specialty at Blake's, we have a complete line of liquors to match any taste" this is very surprising in hindsight.  Regardless of this, the drink was mixed decently.  About what I expected.After placing our initial orders, service was painfully slow.  What should have been an in and out trip turned into a 30 - 40 minute ordeal.  We waited forever to get the actual drinks. . . then again for the bill and an eternity to pay.  Really not worth the time spent here.In addition, the woman's bathroom is a trek and a half to locate and get to.  You must travel through the crowded front bar, maze through the back bar, then finally arrive around another corner.  Finding my way back was another story.A somewhat generic beer list matched with their slow turn around will make it easy to walk past this establishment in the future.|0|0|1
P2r5tl57DWK5AcZ_GiSvWg|wM3CIcnrbz4g10Dd-1Jzlw|4|I'm torn about this place.  Great pizza with a lot of different options - crust, sauce, toppings but they are so expensive.  I just ordered a large Cajun Chicken pie to be delivered at it was a little over $26!  Once you add in $1.50 delivery fee, 8% tax and $3 tip you're screwed.  The pizza is absolutely delicious but C'mon.|0|0|0
3Fl9FLuDyOiqXOU8iM2Aqw|HC8mPfNlp6MjnMKGEpjf1w|5|I love Tea in Sahara.  Support local businesses!  I want this place to stay open for as long as possible. :)The tea is delicious.  It is somewhat pricey (I'm a broke college student) but worth every cent every time I get it.It's best to go in summer if you need to do work.  You'll be guaranteed fast wi-fi, air conditioning, delicious mint tea, friendly, laid-back service, and the quiet atmosphere necessary to conduct work.Also, to the woman who gave TiS a mixed review with regard to music, I've gone to the owner (who is always working) and asked him to lower the music.  He usually raises it when there aren't too many people around.  He's receptive to customer feedback and he's really sweet.|3|0|1
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|adrDnFPsjdPy_JzGWAJHLA|3|Second review of Lola's, but the service this time was exponentially better, so, given my very harsh first review, I felt an edit was necessary.  Did not want to return to Lola's quite so quickly, but a friend coerced me into sitting on the deck and having some margaritas.  We got some guac and the ceviche of the day - both were great.  Ceviche seemed fresh and not too much salmon that it was overpowering.  The guacamole was nicely seasoned and tasted fresh as well.  We had a few rounds of the house margaritas, which were also quite nice - not pure sour mix which is what I've come to expect from anyone's house margaritas.  Our server, the same poor girl who had to endure my bitchiness at my last Lola's experience, was attentive and remembered things that I had liked or disliked from my last experience.  Management checked on us promptly.  My only complaint this time would be the same food runner I had mentioned in my last post - he very sarcastically  and overzealously gushed how it was so nice to see me again - I can detect such blatant sarcasm, buddy, and I can tell when it's meant to be funny and when it's meant to be an ass.|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|iMw87KH5WvvVspWC3lARZQ|4|Excellent food, overall great service...very romantic and relaxing ambience. Would like to give this restaurant 4 1/2 stars, deducting half a point because we waited 30 minutes for a table last time we went after I had made reservations days before.|0|0|0
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|NJf57S72FLF3alXPFd7PjA|4|Forget about weekends at Kartabar, forget about the bar scene, forget about all of that - concentrate on the delicious, wonderfully cheap food that blows neighbor Paragon out of the water. Oh, and that veggie burger - try it with gorgonzola. Next to Restaurant Oak's black bean burger (if they even still have it anymore) it's probably the best non-meat burger in the city.|1|0|0
Dn-6ZmMqHW_ATU1I-nrNjw|SoXevfW2FkPsbQQVsumzAg|5|I'm not sure why I haven't written this sooner. I've be coming. Here for many years and have never had anything but amazing experiences. The staff is amazing, food is always perfect and they are accommodating to any special request. My favorite place,,,period!|0|0|0
-_FvwOM3_wku2zHiLjibgg|rkDyfkPMBXXX5GKeBxhQdA|5|Oh. My. Goodness. I can't even begin to describe how fabulous Cafe Nuovo is. When we first entered the restaurant last Saturday night I was not really impressed. It looked a bit like the late 80s/ early 90s had thrown up in there in terms of decor. Also, we were sat at one of those 'Cheesecake Factory' tables, you know, the ones where you are so close to your neighbors that you can hear their entire conversation  But I'm glad I restrained judgement because the food was RIDICULOUS. We started off with a glass of Riesling (only bottles are listed on the wine list, but just ask and they'll list the wines they have by the glass) and then perused the restaurant week menu to make out choices. Our waiter was totally cool with the restaurant week thing (I've had sone waiters get kind of cranky when they realize that they will be bringing out three courses for a smaller bill). In fact, the restaurant week menu was right inside the regular menu and the waiter actually asked if we'd like to try it. For an appetizer, my husband went with the salad. It was very flavorful, the perfect mix of sweet, salty, and crunchy with it's candied nuts, pears, and white balsamic dressing. Yum! I got the fried shrimp and calamari. They were very good on their own, but with the three dipping sauces they came with they were amazing. Some sort of savory tarter, hot red pepper relish, and a shallot sauce just threw this dish over the edge. For dinner, my husband went with the bacon wrapped pork chop with Swiss chard and a baked polenta cake. The man was in heaven. He said that the polenta cake was ridiculously good. I went with the mushroom risotto with beef tenderloin tips and gorgonzola. Omigosh. Contender for best restaurant main meal EVER. The tips were so sweet and juicy and paired so perfectly with the risotto. Risotto is difficult to make well, and this rivaled the best risotto I ever had.  Don't be afraid of this dish if you don't like gorgonzola, it was just a small amount of cheese in the middle, not spread throughout the plate. For dessert I had the chocolate mousse. Milk chocolate and white chocolate mousses were swirled in a chocolate cup with raspberry and mango sauces on the side. Chocoholics' paradise. My husband had the carrot cake, but I was way too focused on the chocolate to ask for a bite of a dessert named after a vegetable :). In conclusion, I had completely forgotten about the outdated decor by the time dinner was over. I was too busy being completely blissed out over what was pretty much the perfect meal. I will definitely be returning here, and hopefully in the very near future.PS They aren't kidding about the business casual dress code... you will feel really out of place if you wear jeans.|2|0|0
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|96HrYf0p_4chq2Vx4t5esA|2|Meh.We did the groupon thing and weren't bowled over. And I'm always suspicious of Asian cuisine places without chopsticks. We had Chow Mein and General Tso's...nothing to write home about. The Crab Rangoon was totally generic.Extremely friendly & helpful staff, but alas the food suffers from over-Americanized syndrome.If you're looking for Japanese/Chinese fare you really won't find any better than Ichi Ban in Cranston. That's still our favorite, hands down.|1|1|0
04ZBAOo6ffXkhSICqngaIQ|KVkTYoLE5YkF_8RaAPhMCg|4|Amazing options! I thought it wasn't overly pretentious either. Nice vibe in the place as well. I think I had a cinnamon fall flavored tea and really enjoyed it--- they also put a LOT more than a tea bag in starbucks puts in so expect it to be stronger (or take it out earlier if strong is not your cup of tea... get it?!) I crack myself up.|1|1|1
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|NQwO3eYavdNOy5hmC5fq7w|4|I can't believe I had never been to Olga's before!  I went in this past weekend with my boyfriend on our way to the beach.  I was excited to try, since I've driven past this place thousands of times.  The iced coffee was delicious! Probably one of the best iced coffees I've had in Prov, which is saying a lot because I have tried pretty much every cafe, coffee shop, etc.  It was great! I also had a ham & cheese croissant (one of my personal favorite breakfast choices) and it was also delicious! It was a thicker consistency than your typical croissant, almost like a biscuit, and had a very generous amount of ham in the center.  It was great, I devoured it and wanted another right away.  So yum!  I will definitely be returning to Olga's for a sit-down experience, their new brunch menu looks fantastic!|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|FXHGZT-d2oHeW141HN4bDg|4|This place might be the underdog of pizza in RI.I mean, really, when do you actually hear someone mention Fellinis when it comes to best pizza? I know they are a staple over there near Coffee Exchange and a lot of people LOVE them but, really, nobody mentions in the same breath as Bob & Timmys or Casertas or that other place on the East Side that makes appetizer pizza that everyone drools over that Fellinis MAKES BETTER!!I order from this place once in awhile. Its a little out of my way.I came in 2 Sundays ago with my  4 year old and she was in amazement at the guy throwing the dough in the air. She loved it.Took a pizza home. Something with the name 'Alice" in it. I cant remember and 2 slices of cheese pizza for the picky offspring, which she absolutely LOVED.The "Alice" was so delicious on our end that I actually opened up a bottle of Yuengling and paired it with it. I never open my Yuengling, unless its completely worth it. It was so simple, yet so perfectly done. The cheese and olive oil, tomato, paired perfectly and had the correct balance. It was on point.This place is definitely up there for having some of the best pizzas in RI. Try them out if you havent already.Sickof This|0|0|0
EqOxdxn_ziCSkj988ERTgw|ziL8chrxFpGtA0oFQNUrwQ|2|Eh. I can't speak for the food, because we didn't have any. But, I had been here about a year ago, and didn't remember it. I went back for a drink the other night. It was fine, but again, not memorable. The atmosphere is supposed to be classy, but it was kind of cheese-ola. The host/manager was a bit awkward. Which made us feel less inclined to enjoy ourselves, as well.|0|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|AuvyWVekds6GF9AB5ciRZw|5|This was the first Fire and Ice I ever experienced, and I was hooked from the start. Little sixth grade me came here for lunch on my middle school principal's dime after a few of my classmates and I made a presentation at the convention center (it was some sort of regional middle school teacher's conference).So basically at Fire and Ice you go around to these little stations where you'll find raw meats and seafood, uncooked veggies, and various other ingredients that you put into your little bowl. Then you go to the sauce bar and make a selection. From there you head to the grill, where you hand over your bowl and its contents are sauted with the sauce you chose. For some reason, this is extremely fun and incredibly delicious. With the exception of some of the Yelpers here, I've never met anyone who hasn't enjoyed the Fire and Ice experience. It's just really interactive and customizable, and really a treat.|0|0|0
lu1rX1xpg7hbcWPnfOWMMQ|VZUHcHoSYtn8mKq31hAM-g|2|I don't know what the deal is with this place. I've been back a few times since my initial review and the service is extremely spotty. One time I ventured back and they ran out of bubbles. Just like that. They didn't even bother to say "well instead of bubbles, we have aloe...would you like that?"Another time I went for bubble tea and it took 25 minutes for them to make it and other people were served in the meantime. By other people, I mean like 2 people who definitely arrived way after us. They forgot about our order. Then once we reminded them, they delayed in making the order and then finally brought it out.While I'll definitely go there for egg puffs (because it's the only place I know of in PVD that sells them), I won't be returning for their bubble tea or their other food products. I had such high hopes...|0|0|0
G7zdZt33PU_Gfmt3qHD88w|cHLEv4ADdvAv7u9h7B3WFA|3|I went here for lunch only one time, and was not impressed. I had ordered a lobster roll, and the lobster meat in my roll seemed processed and not genuine. My friend had salmon sashimi plate that she seemed to enjoy. The sushi was tolerable, but not delicious. There are many other sushi restaurants in providence that have better sushi and/or better ambiance. I would only come here if you want to avoid the wait or are in the area and starving.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|9oDwZu4WosvCh5jJYblX8A|4|I like this place -  got to customize my yummy burger!  The sweet potato fries were crispy and delish!  I'd definitely go back here.|0|0|0
KCVy3xDOhMZBCbbLRsXvVw|uiGdtsCaIFPRSc23qbHzqQ|4|Love the steaks! I've never had a bad one here. Quality of beef makes it worth the $$$ on special occasions. Great drinks as well.I've had several meals here with 5+ people, and the staff has handled us with a fair amount of talent. Especially when some of those meals were on Ladies Night (used to be Thursday nights, not sure if they're still doing it, since I no longer live in Prov) and my friends and I can get... well... sort of rambunctious. They took us in stride, bless them.Dessert is usually good here, but I have had bad creme brulee, which is supposed to be their specialty.|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|zoXqT7R39ooBQUxb04JTKA|5|This is where you go to eat delicious veggie pizza and look at the cute cashier girls. End of report.|1|0|0
t7UZFLVJavx5fQCooDyaRQ|kG4DFMQhjDTyrefr2XV7Xg|5|Wally is fabulous. He's a refugee from Afghanistan. His truck was hand made and it's amazingly cute, round at both ends. He's wears a fetching white hat and he's really right there for you. He totally appreciates his customers.Apparently he's the favorite gyros truck for the docs at Lifespan. We like him too - he showed up at our free clinic (Clinica Esperanza/Hope Clinic) in Olneyville one Saturday and gave all the volunteers free gyros. What can you say to a guy who does that? Thanks a lot Wally. The food was great. Check him out. Heart is as big as his smile.|1|0|0
lSS24T_8LX_Ucq8YXZpdHg|EgR6j-eD9rOzjJLorY_5aw|3|OK, I've eaten here three times, so in a list- like manner, here are my thoughts:1- The quality of the chicken tenders, burger, fries (crinkle cut!) toppings, bun, argh... THE QUALITY OF THE FOOD IN GENERAL was quite good.  Moist, tender tenders, good quality beef burger, flavorful fries, no overloading of toppings, etc.2- The wing sauces were a bit disappointing.  They rely heavily on the standard "vinegary/  buttery" flavors that are found in stereotypical buffalo sauces you get a chincy pizza places and the like.  Don't get me wrong, their sauces were good mind you, but they had just a tad too much in the way of vinegar and butter and not enough in the way of hot peppers (even on their hottest offering, which is called "atomic" I think).  They also seemed to rely on cayenne for flavor more than habanero, and this is where Wings Over Providence (RIP?) has an advantage over them.  If there's one thing Wings does well, it's their "Afterburner" sauce.3- The Cajun spice was WAYYY too salty.  Other than that it has great flavor, but they need to cut the salt in it by about 1/2 as the salt really overpowered the other flavors on my Cajun burger and fries.4- The service was excellent.  No waiting when I got there and a very friendly staff.So, other than recommending a couple flavor adjustments in their seasonings/ sauces, I'd have to say the food here is really good, reasonably priced and of high quality.|2|1|1
__rO-3gkVgaHRH158jA8OA|qIHj_sJc_9y9xWnCXeqUTA|5|I have to say that I think the Providence Cookie Company makes THE BEST red velvet cupcakes around.  My co-workers and I have tried cupcakes from all over Rhode Island and we agree that no one makes a better cupcake.  They are always perfectly moist and the cream cheese frosting is the best. Not to say the other flavors aren't amazing as well!  I am just a HUGE fan of Red Velvet.  They also offer other tasty sweet treats not to mention lunch, coffee, and flavored hot and cold teas.  We go here at least twice a month for a cupcake.  (even in the cold of winter!!)  We always call ahead to reserve them because if you don't, there may not be any left!!!  It is hidden and off the beaten path, but if you happen to be in the downtown area, give them a try.  The women who run the place are  super friendly and get to know their regular customers.  They are reasonably priced and well worth every penny!!|2|0|0
EcUL0Ixq_5L9HCdyk2GIOQ|9EWFblLiRtv5nEbvFEuM8Q|3|This place reminded me of Big Slice Pizza in Washington DC. Little pizza place where you're not quite sure how clean the kitchen is and honestly, I don't want to know. I came here with co-workers not for the pizza, but for the salads. They loved the italian salad with feta cheese and I got the chicken caeser salad which I have to admit, was really good. Supposedly the place is open until 4am and I'm sure at that time it tastes even better then it did at lunch.|1|0|1
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|MnUWnlzL9kFXPBMebQNZ7Q|1|One Word: Crapstatic!I signed up for Yelp just to write this review. That's how bad the food was! I decided to give United BBQ a shot after trying local favorites (Wes Rib House & Rick's Roadhouse). But WTF! After watching Man V.S Food, I had a BBQ craving and thought United BBQ would satisfy my cravings.  Nope, absolutely everything we ordered was a total and utter disappointment!First off portions are small, they are not nearly as generous as two of the places I mentioned above. The food was just sub-par for a lack of better words. The sweet potato fries were cold and soggy!The mash potato lost the fluff and was completely tasteless!The corn bread was drier than the Sahara desert!The pulled pork was way too salty. It was in a pool of watery sauce. The Beef Brisket was lacking in flavor. It tasted like boiled beef smothered in some BBQ sauce. Where was the tender and succulent meat that melts in the mouth? All in all it turned out to be very expensive dog food...|1|0|0
RIzlH7t_wVhiTFklmYC1RA|ArM8W9QGF_I7LvljPt-gwQ|1|Pretentious and food ridiculous...nothing special aside from the exhaustive artistic arrangement on plates.  Apparently, that is where they exert all the effort. Having been there three times now (as so may rave about it) I can assure you conclusively this a definite do not bother. Having lived in Paris and grown up with a professional French chef, this is nonsense. For you PBS fans, this is a real life "Posh Nosh" which is hilarious on tv but not at the prices they are extorting.  Providence has an abundance of amazing restaurants...just not this one.|0|0|0
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|iC0jIdhBucaSDGWCHaSOsQ|4|We really liked the beef kebabs coupled with a greek salad. Service was good and it is in a nice location if you want to enjoy walking around a live place.|0|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|wM3CIcnrbz4g10Dd-1Jzlw|4|The food here has greatly improved over the past year or so.  Great specials on weekends.  It's definitely not authentic nor does it pretend to be.  It's a great place for after work drinks or a casual fun dinner with friends.  Very lively atmosphere and people are there to have fun.  I've never had lunch here.  The margaritas are the bomb!  After having one here you will never waste your money elsewhere.|0|0|0
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|3jy7gXnUrtorMQPb4lB4pQ|4|I somehow always end up slurping up way more scorpion bowl than I should...no complaints though! The food is all quite good, fairly-priced, and the street-viewing from the second floor location is nice too. Their lunch specials are priced really well. I'm sure I'll end up strolling in their door again soon enough!|0|0|0
DDyFfkS0987e1aQEAEZEhA|tpEWW4usnsOAMlkh1akxcA|5|I LOVE everything about this new hidden gem in PVD. We sampled some cocktail creations and creative apps before lounging on the leather sofa while listening to some fantastic 80s tunes on the jukebox. I am anxiously awaiting the completion of their kitchen so I may fully enjoy the delectable delights I am sure will be concocted by the chef. I am also looking forward to the release of their full cocktail list. If what we experienced is any insight into their future offerings, expect great things from Gavins!  The retro 40's/50's pinup aviation theme is super fun, cozy, and inviting all at the same time. Grab your friends or a date and check it out this weekend!|0|0|1
pZnk9tKEHrEIHq0NfSzXRA|rh1mNvqnze4zB9qmggtUIA|5|This place is incredible. Leave your American restaurant etiquette at the door. It is a tapas bar and the food is to die for. Small plates served quickly that taste better than most anything you have had. If you want a seat show up early... Otherwise take a seat on one if the benches and enjoy. It's BYOB and there's a fine wine store next door. What more could you ask for? My wife and I bought a nice bottle of Spanish wine and had a blast! I cannot even express how good this place is... Go yourself!|2|0|0
x05vLVOH2OQr-8ATmfItRg|qVEmas6gFaOoRLAhLIyJmw|4|I want to say that I've probably only eaten here in their actual dining area about three times since I've lived in Rhode Island and spent most of the time in their bar area. Why am I reviewing it then? Because their Bar Menu is incredible. In my opinion, their regular menu is a bit overpriced and not nearly as good as they hype it up to be. The Bar Menu on the other hand is pretty remarkable. The was I found about it too solidified its awesomeness. It was told to me like it was an urban legend or something. While I was a student at Johnson & Wales, my friends would tell me tales of $2 burgers and fries and things called Spicy Rice Balls. The trickiest thing about the Bar Menu is the timing. It's available 3:30-6 PM & 10PM -12AM and only from Monday to Friday. For a college kid with morning classes and nights that didn't start until 11 PM? These times are absolutely perfect. For the adult version of me now that had a typical 40 hr a week job with typical hours? It's tough. I digress, let's get back to the food. Their Bar Menu actually has prices that range from $1.95 (Spicy rice balls, spinach dip, hummus and potato croquettes) to $4.95 (Pulled pork sliders, oysters on the half (3), black mussels and buffalo wings) for all you high rollers out there. The infamous $2 burger and fries is now actually $3 but it is still rather tasty. The other options in between those price ranges are what I go for. My favorites are the blackened chicken quesadilla ($3.95) and seafood cakes ($3.95). For desserts, which are full price, their creme brulee and flourless chocolate cake will haunt your dreams. The bartenders and waitstaff are marvelous too, considering they are giving you full service for a check that will most likely amount to less than $10. The bartender Dave makes the best Black and Blues I've ever had. This place was a staple for me in college and will always be a go-to spot for a damn good Bar Menu.|1|1|0
AKfHinPZ5vdPdHRzpvSWtw|Sn3eL3QR8Hf4yDJIuuyNQQ|3|Service was very nice, but can't judge much since it was a slow Sunday in summer.Food was alright considering the location. It was nice they have the 3 kinds of free appetizers (bean sprouts, broccoli and kimchi), but if you have been to a really good authentic Korean restaurant, like the ones I had in Los Angeles, you would know this is BAD and expensive. I used to have 7 to 8 free appetizer dishes that comes with any order. The choice of the menu was also small, judging by Korean standard (though I'm not Korean). Taste of food was not bad, but not too impressive either. That's why I'm saying, for the location, ok, but if you are Asian and have good food you can get somewhere else, you'll probably be disappointed.|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|4TCOItk-gIJROyNA5ftZ-Q|4|this place is still relatively new, the staff is very eager to please, and seriously, how many other ethiopian restaurants are you going to find in rhode island? the food here is very representative of other ethiopian restaurants i've been to and it's inexpensive. you've never tried it, stretch yourself. it's good.|0|0|0
kATS8uEAIQfeD66JypmgaQ|raKNs5sOXMHsdxNB_TKkQA|5|Excellent steak,excellent service. Definitely will be going back|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|ko731W1zbjY_ZMdKNs6XbA|5|Ok.  Where do I begin...I was looking for a new place to try in Providence and Yelp led me hear.  The place is very well decorated with a wonderful bar and bartender.  We tried the 5 course, chefs choice dinner and every  dish was outstanding. Then the icing on the cake were the fresh cookies that were left on my console of my car by the valet!  Great touch!  Highly recommend Gracie's.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|1hJJXtCULGN8NT2dQtYbMg|4|In the California style of Big Mouth burger bars, Luxe replaces Citron as John Elkay and the Chow Fun group recessionize their restaurants (first the upscale fish house Big Fish to the family friendly bar and grill Rick's Roadhouse, then XO steak and chop to the ever moderate Cafe Noir and now Citron to Luxe) Looks like they are getting the message that Providence needed more mid level dining...which makes Chinese Laundry all the stranger. But I digress.Mega burgers and boozey milk shakes? You got me. This place served up a sushi pencil in style menu that offers ahi, kobe, chicken, turkey and beef with every possible combination of toppings. The burgers were big, fresh and delicious.  I got beef with guac, jalapenos, pepper jack and a whole bunch of other shit, to the point that the menu had so many options that I over condimentized. Still, not a bad thing to have options, next time I'll tone it down.The chica got a turkey/bacon deal which was delicious, as were our booze shakes (mine was Beam, vanilla and coffee hers was some pina colata type mess) They were BuyOneGetOne as well, which was sweet.  Our server was awesome, even when young J-money went into minor meltdown because he was sans nap and earlier he had flushed a toyshark down the lue. I am a fan, this place is burgerrific.|2|1|0
dQfvxeuNNqku7mozkk4Y3w|wpDhuGVjSz-kNO0wFOK8Cg|2|We were walking around Prov's Art District, minding our own business, wishing for a cuppa'......hey...what's that? Oh, a diner on a flatbed truck? ....seems like a perfectly safe place to grab some grub on-the-go, non? ((gulp)) But my incessant need for cheap beverages warm enough to bring life back to my New-England-frozen-winter fingers was greater than my instinct to run away from dark, un-lit trailers....so I took to the metal-grate staircase leading to the dark unknown that was "Haven Brother's Diner!" The interior was unlit and not especially warm, my cohort and I lingered a moment at the counter. "Hello?" I called out....nothing. Then, out from behind a corner, a small man appears! He waits - apparently I should have already known what I wanted to order? - and finally I pipe up and ask for two hot cocoa's and "one of these DARLING 'home-made' cookies, please!" (Man is unamused by my cheerful demeanor and sets to whipping up cocoa order; and I set to inspecting the long list of simple sandwiches/wraps/fries that can be ordered from this "establishment"). Two cups of cheap-A chocolate, one cookie, and 2.75$ later....we were back outside (though we COULD have chosen to eat in the glory that is a grimy trailer). When later discussing this bizarre food purchase with friends, we discover that Haven Bro's is actually "a local famous late-night grub spot!" - - - their faces lit up as their reminisced on late nights around the city...my face: confused as to how anyone would dare return for round two with the "Flatbed Diner."|0|0|0
wfS1G5lrjx_SGWBuG2690g|_GM_5iGic_HhYcMtyUp05A|5|I have been eating here for 25 years, never disappointed. My newest favorite is the Steak Frites, amazing ... tender, perfectly cooked beef, piping hot Frites; my husband had the Beef Bourgignon, which he shared, just amazing; beef melts in your mouth. Lots of ambience, incredible bread, service is spectacular and, in my opinion, one of the best restaurants in Providence. The Pot au Feu is HUGE, delicious but blander than some of their other entrees. If you are going to the Performing Arts Center, get there no later than 5:30pm. Just an amazing restaurant and one of the BEST of the BEST in Providence!|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|n0LmRCPynxrXYAmCElp2PQ|4|This is a great place. The food is terrific. Be sure to try the organic eggplant dish - it's outstanding. Even the pappadums are memorable, freshly prepared and studded with caraway seeds. This is our standing date night dinner place whenever we visit RI.|0|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|h38iCgtBBGBRAVFHhcbAug|4|Go here for the neighborhood feel, the clean-comfy, but still a dive-y type restaurant/bar and definitely get a pitcher of the sangria. The food is typical mexican - burritos, quesadillas, etc. Nothing too out of the ordinary, but it's consistently good.|0|0|0
QAxQdJ5m-wrvLUUGb0-ulw|Wb3lr1zYbESrUqpnDqcc_g|5|I had a wonderful experience here.  I went for a yelp event where all the Jameson cocktails were on the house.  Ever the adventurous drinker, I asked the bartender what was available.  She raised an eyebrow at me and asked, "does an egg white scare you?"  I knew I was in good hands.In what I thought was a dive-y bar, the bartender (I'm sorry, I can't remember your name) proceeded to make me a delicious whiskey sour from scratch, egg white and all.  And no, I was not afraid of it.She asked if I wanted another and while delicious, I wanted to see what else she had up her sleeve.  So, without asking for any more information from me, she concocted her play on a Jameson old fashioned  Equally tasty and balanced.I can't wait to go back.|1|1|1
e3OqPQ6ayfhIXI04FXy3Ig|tpEWW4usnsOAMlkh1akxcA|4|I had a serious craving for some froyo and headed off to Juniper on my way home from work. I am a HUGE fan of pinkberry so I was quite happy when I heard they had a similar 'original' flavor at Juniper. It was exactly what I needed on a warm day after a long day of work. Yum... I could go for some right now!!! But, here's a warning, Pinkberry is opening in 2 weeks at Providence place. Good thing Juniper has a prime Thayer st. location.|0|0|0
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|g7cgXInB-JLtTkudvkzo7A|5|So I noticed there were a deal of people that did not take something very obvious into consideration when they dined at this NEW Restaurant, it also proves they themselves have never actually worked in a restaurant. New Menus, New Servers, and seasoned cooks that have to learn how to use tools they have never used, as well as even new seasonings.This is the main reason why I did not dine at the new Providence P.F. Changs till this week, and I was delighted to see the many reviews I had read and heard were 100% wrong.My fiance and I had a well deserved date night on Thursday. We called ahead to make reservations, and may I say, right off the bat, I was pleased. The hostess gave me a few times convenient for me, and after making the reservation, she asked if there was a special occasion for the date, and what kind of food I may want. So that my server can be prepared to serve us better. It made me feel very catered to!When we came to the restaurant, I was bouncing with excitement. To say the least, the decor was lively, pretty, but also warm. I loved the large circles all over the ceiling, which appeared to be made of paper and gave off a nice romantic glow. The place was packed with a lot of guests for a Thursday, which made me happy, I love packed restaurants.Upon arrival to the Hostess desk, we only had to wait a few minutes, the hostess' were all pleasant and smiling, and when seated, they handed us menu's and told us our servers name. Our server was a wonderful young man, he joked with us often, and never missed a beat on my requests or our orders. My fiance and I had decided to go with the $40 couples deal, which comes with four courses. A choice of two soups, one for each of us, an appetizer to share, two main dishes, with unlimited white/brown rice I might add, and a choice of either two desert shooters, or for about $2, a large dessert to split. The variety was great, save for the soups, I would have preferred a third and fourth option, but that's the chains choice, not the individual restaurant. Thankfully my favorite soup was there, Egg Drop, and my fiance tried the Hot and Sour Soup. I was actually pleased with both, and surprised at the egg drop. It was extremely flavorful and hot, but not too hot. And its originality, I have never seen egg drop with celery and carrots and scallions, and it was delicious! Since my fiance hates tofu, I ate the tofu from his soup!For our appetizer we ordered the steamed dumplings, the pork ones. While very tasty and juicy, I could have preferred them a smidgen bigger, and my fiance wanted more veggies and cabbage in them. but we got six, and honestly, they were just the right size, considering the amount of food that comes with the meal deal. Anyways, onto our main meal.First off, there was barely any waiting, our food came out all timely and hot, so I wanted that to be known.The options were varied, so I got to try something nicely different, the Cashew and Almond Chicken. After hearing from others of 'small' portions, I wasn't expecting the huge dish I got, filled with onions, water chestnuts, green peppers, hefty slices of chicken, and generously covered in cashews, almond halves, and scallions, I believe it also had bean sprouts. As well as a delicious sauce. And so crisp and fresh! A pleasant and welcomed surprise!!! I also want to say the rice came as a surprise, when I ate it, I smelled lightly, the scent of flowers. I suspect there is a trade secret that they may boil it in a lavender or jasmine water, but when I asked, the server told me they don't. Hence why I suspect secret! My fiance stuck with his tried and true and got General Tso's which his only complaint was it wasn't as spicy as he usually likes it. However, he tends to like things more spicy than the usual, so I hold it against us more than the restaurant.At the end of our main course, the Manager came over to the table to see how we were enjoying our meal. He was an extremely pleasant and professional man. I informed him of the horrid reviews and how his staff and service and food put them all to shame. He thanked me for my words and then tended to other guests.We then ordered our desserts, each of us choosing a shooter. I got the Lemon Leche, Oh my lord, was it tasty! I very much enjoyed it. My fiance got the Great Wall of Chocolate shooter, saving his raspberry at the bottom for me. Both were so tasty, I wish I had more money budgeted out, I would forced more desserts, despite being so stuffed. Considering our reservations were at 5, we were out by 6:15, and we remained full for the rest of the evening, even through our late movie! All in all, it was a great evening, kicked off by the very nice P.F. Changs! I recommend for many occasions, as when I skimmed their menu, they had many very well priced meals. Please if you read a negative review, ignore it and try it instead, you will be surprised how pleasantly surprised you will be!|0|0|1
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|nbCFsVn_505Ncu8IhZoBPA|4|Six weeks ago, I declared to my husband that when I finished my semi-torturous session of summer classes, we would go out to dinner (on a weekday night) to the one place we never go to since it is way too busy on weekends but that we both mutually love and adore- the Cheesecake Factory! See, here in Providence, there is only one Cheesecake Factory, and it is epically busy on weekends, to the point you usually have to wait an hour or two if you go around a normal dinner time. We typically get there at least twice a year, but this year, we haven't gone once yet! In fact, since I became vegan in December, the Cheesecake Factory has been off of our radar! Well that all changed on Wednesday night.  We didn't get there until about 8:30, and there was still a fifteen minute wait.  I wasn't sure how much I would still be enamored by the Cheesecake Factory now that I avoid dairy and gluten, but after my experience there, it is safe to say the Cheesecake Factory remains at the top of my chain restaurant list! They brought out their famed pumpernickel and sourdough bread and butter, both of which I passed on but did have a love affair with in my gluten-eating days! We started with their made-to-order guacamole, and I asked that they leave out the sour cream in favor of double salsa. The guac is outstanding! We ordered it spicy, and while it wasn't really, it did have a nice kick that reared itself periodically. It was uber-flavorful though- way better than any store-bought guac I have tried, and honestly, it was better than the guac I get at my favorite Providence Mexican restaurant! Of course, no guac is complete without an endless supply of salty, crunchy tortilla chips! For dinner, I ordered their "Skinnylicious" fresh vegetable salad. Now a word on this "Skinnylicious" business- I think the only difference between this and their regular fresh vegetable salad is the pomegranate dressing is low-fat in the Skinnylicious version. Honestly, I could have cared less if I got the Skinnylicious version or the regular one, but since the lower-fat option was available, I went with it.  I did make some changes to the original salad- I asked that they leave off the cheese and grilled chicken, and instead add some pecans and dried cranberries. Out waitress warned us there was an extra charge for that, which I thought was silly because I was essentially just making swaps, but whatever- I did it anyway! The salad was. . . astoundingly gigantic, to say the least! It was an awesome mix of greens, edamame (yay for vegan protein in a chain restaurant salad!), apple, cucumber, tomato, green beans, beets, pecans and cranberries. Everything was chopped into perfect bite-sized bits, and the pom dressing covered every single component perfectly. I have to say, this salad was epic (been using that word a lot in this post!) and incredible and I am sad I was only able to eat about a sixth of it!  The reason I couldn't devote my full appetite to the salad was because my husband and I made an ordering oopsie. He got a burger, and asked that the fries be on a separate plate so I could have some. However, I had my eyes set on sweet potato fries, so of course, I ordered them too! You figured out what our oopsie was right? Talk about over-ordering! My order of sweet potato fries was about double the size of the ones he got, which in and of themselves were quite plentiful in the fry department! In other words, we had fries up the ying-yang, and since they don't come home as leftovers as well as my salad would, I had to prioritize and keep my focus on fry consumption. Ok, when you have fries this crispy-on-the-outside and gooey on the inside, perhaps my dilemma wasn't entirely so bad! I ate a load of fries, and they were so tasty, but truth be told, there still was a load or two left! I am upset with myself that my stomach shut down so quickly.  On a good day, I could have eaten so much more of those delectable sweet fries drowned in ketchup. Back in the dairy-eating days, I would always follow up my meal with a huge slice of either the peanut butter cup or Oreo cheesecake. I am actually glad (for my stomach) that I didn't even have that option last night, as I don't think following up that enormous meal with cheesecake is what I needed at all! The Cheesecake Factory, in my opinion, is like the Bentley of chain restaurants. The food is always so consistently delicious- in all my times going there since it opened in Providence years ago, I have never had an experience with their food that was less than stellar.with their food that was less than stellar. I am so glad to know it is quite possible eat there as a vegan and be beyond satisfied.This is an excerpt from my blog. . . for photos and more, please visit www.dashofcurry.com.|0|0|0
RD-icRypSMg6nA4Xy8dCUw|sgpJ3NC1_XS6fKpLOu7hxA|4|Finally I had a chance to check out N102 and I really really wanted this to be my new little secret spot for amazing cheap noodle dishes and it will not be. It wasn't bad by any means and the service was on a high good scale. Will I return? Yes but I will wait for a very cold winter day. I had the spicy Miso with Udon noodles and my son had the chicken noodle which I did like more then the Miso. Don't let my review stop you from going here because the food was good, it just wasn't what I had it built up to be in my mind.  Maybe I'll try the coconut soup next time and it will live up to what I wanted it to be.|1|0|0
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|2QpFcGEeGvCyYtjk5v_9Ng|3|Hey it's in a good location, it allowed me to get away from the over crowded Whiskey Republic for a little elbow room and grub on an outside patio. Food was good, I had a burrito and a corona. Nothing fancy but it hit the spot. I wouldn't go here if you sole mission is amazing mexican food, but its got a nice atmosphere. Oh also, you can take dogs here! They have some good shade under the picnic table you'll be eating at and the staff gives them a dog bowl of water. Very nice!|0|0|0
9hjuKkPO0LryqAq1xSfpuA|t4wSOrD3_BghYwXS2VLoaQ|1|Indians would be ashamed to learn that the food presented here serves as a "Taste of India". I do not consider $9 for a buffet of merely 3 curry choices worth the price.  What's worse, the chicken curry was overcooked, dry and stringy, on top of being nearly flavorless.  Indian foods get their spicy reputation from being, well, spicy.  This curry was like eating chicken that had been boiled in a pan for two days.I'd seriously question any positive reviews of this place.  I thought, perhaps, my experience may have been a statistical outlier, but realized that at least one positive review was driven by a 10% discount for mentioning Yelp - conflict of interest.|1|0|1
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|p3F0WMhipDkHtUgqktsylQ|2|I've eaten the food from Kabob and Curry on several occasions. On every occasion, the service has been terrible. On the first occasion, our waiter was aloof, never refilled drinks, and scoffed at our requests. I also ordered delivery, which came an hour and a half after the original order was placed. The portions were small and the box was about half filled. In general, the food is good and inexpensive, but there are other Indian restaurants that will give you good, inexpensive food, accompanied by much better service. I would check out "Not Just Snacks," if you are looking for good quality food along with good quality service.|0|0|0
L3uemg97EJZ1SfjEE60Qvw|o4nAUsN-c9VuQbMBzarGeg|4|I finally got to get a taco or two from Poco Loco, the price is right and absolutely delicious food!   Better than having to walk to Lupito's and way better than that red taco truck, sorry gotta make the switch to Poco Loco, right across from the E & O Tap, yes, beer and tacos are great.|1|0|0
it9mZRfzo9DsFmddSESLbw|d8kjAy6xnhutFiw_LKsmTw|2|It's really difficult to give 3 stars; I feel strongly that 1 star and 5 do not average out to 3 (or in this case 2), they are entirely separate rankings.Because first let it be known that the food at Sawaddee is amazing. It's been my go-to Thai place in Providence for years, being that 1. They serve the most amazing sweet and spicy Rama sauce I've had anywhere (in fact, most places I have been consider Rama to be steamed veggies with a side of peanut sauce) 2. It's BYOB and 3. It's one of the few places in the area that serves just Thai, not a pan-Asia mix of Thai, Cambodian, Chinese, and miscellaneous other varietals. Also on the do-try list is the tom yum soup - khafir leaves are a special treat in any menu item, and this is no exception. The garlic and pepper sauce also deserves a mention, as they use white pepper which has such a different characteristic than black. Where things get tricky is in the service area. Now, if you come in the evening and one of the servers waits on you, then it may be ok. But.... 'ware the afternoon pop-in where the manager is also waiting tables! Here's the sitch: I'm about to leave for an international trip, and I want a fond taste of Prov on my tongue, so on Saturday around 1:30, a friend and I stop in for lunch. We are the only customers, and yet it takes quite some time for this woman - we'll call her Dragon Lady - to come take our order. I order, naturally, rama sauce, and I request no green peppers and no mushrooms. This elicited a 'did you know you just sprouted two extra heads, and they're both pretty darn ugly' look, for no reason I can discern to this day. People have dietary preferences, right?? It's not uncommon, one would think particularly in the food service industry. But, not a big deal. Then my friend orders. The tom yum soup. And is asked, 'is that all?' Which, I would think, was fairly obvious from the nature of the interaction, whereby my friend ordered her soup, and handed the closed menu to Dragon Lady after doing so. Regardless, she answered the superfluous question affirmatively. DL then proceeded to take away the plates, the appetizer one from me and both dinner and appetizer from my friend. She then proceeded to pick up her knife and fork, her NAPKIN and then the PLACEMAT. It was one of the single-most unwelcoming restaurant moments I've ever been a party to. We exchanged some mighty perplexed looks, and discussed cancelling our order and leaving - but figured that would be an end to the Sawaddee visits, and neither of us were quite prepared, at that time, to make that commitment. Instead, we stayed, and watched several other parties arrive. While she managed to welcome each party with some semblance of pleasantry, the mask quickly faded into what appears to be her per usual dour expression. I witnessed more removing of the plates, although nothing quite so drastic as the removal of the placemat and napkin. Which MAY be understandable if there were no food item ordered at all, but last time I checked, soup was still considered legitimate food. That one must pay for in order to consume. I mean, could we have opted to pay a linen fee and keep the napkin??The lack of a placemat and napkin was just glaring, and a continual reminder of the unwelcome vibe we were getting. So when DL returned with our orders, I requested that both items be returned. Her response? 'Oh, she wants to share the food?' Um, no, no not really. And yet even with that being the case, it did not seem an unreasonable request to me. Apparently it seemed unreasonable to this woman, however, because she only brought a placemat. Once we were completely done eating, soup gone and rama ready for a to-go container, she brought the napkin. Utterly, utterly bizarre. Now, I understand that sometimes people have bad days, and providing pleasant service, even if that is your job, is just not always in the cards. However, as I mentioned.... I love the food here. This is not the first time I have experienced the unpleasant nature of this woman, although it was certainly the most off-putting. I can only surmise that, like many such entities, it is a family run business, and by nature, DL would like nothing to do with the public sector. In fact, maybe she is agoraphobic. But the nature of family business dictates that she must work there, and so therefore she is continually bitter and unhappy, to such a degree that it permeates her every moment at Sawaddee. It's not only sad for this restaurant which is otherwise outstanding and very reasonably priced, it's sad for her and also seems like something our culture is struggling with, the conflict between finding what brings you happiness, and what you must do to survive. I hope for her sake, and the sake of the restaurant, and mine too!, that she can either come to terms with her career or get the hell out - because after that experience, I will not be dining in at Sawaddee again unless she is gone.|0|0|0
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|sLk9v1bNCG-215Vck1XSgA|2|I recently went to Lola with a group of friends, and while the food was really delicious, the service was HORRIFIC! Our waitress failed to put salt on our glasses even though we told her we wanted salt. We asked for water twice, and finally had to get some from another waitress. She never asked us if we wanted more drinks. She never checked back to see If we needed anything. And last but not least, it took over 20 minutes to get our check and it wasn't even divided up correctly. Our server (rather unpleasantly) went to get the manager to remedy this situation, and when I explained we'd been waiting for 20 plus minutes, the waitress sucked her teeth and rolled her eyes. A couple who was sitting next to us asked for their check 3 times and got no response. They then made the decision just to walk out because it was getting so ridiculous! So, bottom line- while the food was great, this 18 year old server has got to go!!|0|0|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|I6-AyUKJhe2VEId3l9ZL3A|4|I always find myself here on a rainy day trying to get some writing done (I don't think they have wifi so I actually get work done). The food is actually really great (esp the tomato soup I had this past winter). There are plenty of random places to sit and chat with a friend or sit alone. Coffee is good and so is the service. There is metered parking outside and even outside seating if the weather is nice. I plan to try more of their menu soon.|1|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|vbA4AbYWICsfT10ng3yYlg|5|Great service, great food. The atmosphere at al forno made my summer night memorable and I truly enjoyed the pleasant hostess and waiter. Great grilled pizza. Must try the zucchini fries :)|0|1|0
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|pbQgFiv8Jog1RpDhCEZUbg|2|Adequate pizza would be OK or even welcome if there weren't already a large number of pizza places on Thayer, and it's right across the street from the sublime and marginally more expensive Nice Slice. Best thing I've heard said about it is some people like some things they serve which dubiously fit the definition of pizza. That doesn't interest me, so I've got no reason to go.|0|0|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|nQseJeUImzgcnewr0KrBXg|2|I probably would give it a 2.5 if that was an option because my food was still good. Called to see if there was a wait, they said there wasn't, but when we got there we had to wait 15 min for a table, not a big deal everywhere else had 45 min waits so we were happy for only 15 min.Waitress was less than impressive and started with 'so you want something to drink?' umm yes we would thankswe ordered on her return, then waited...and waited...and waited (probably around 45 min total for breakfast food)...i understand its more of a kitchen thing than the waitress but she didn't even apologize, just came by once to say, it'll be another minute (10 minutes later we finally had our food). also, it wasn't even that busy, there were empty tablesmy friend immediately found hair in her potatoes, we got the waitress' attention and let her know, her response 'that's disgusting' - yup you called it. she took it away and quickly brought her another plate, comping her meal which was the right thing to dogood points - coffee was great, i got the huevos rancheros ($10.50) and it wasnt the best ive had but very good, outside seating (however we were at a table on a slanted surface and i felt like i was constantly falling forwardsprobably wouldn't go back except for coffee to go, other places to check out that are probably better|0|0|0
Wd9p_AlZTnN6pBHmT9YemQ|5OqKikoeSFMicmy4qP4d3g|2|Jacky's is a love hate relationship. The atmosphere is the primary reason to visit this restaurant. I have done so at least a handful of times. Unfortunately that is the only reason to visit.Most of the time you WILL need to make a reservation otherwise you will be escorted to the bar/lounge area. Food is Mediocre and fits within the budget of an Olive Garden or a Cheesecake Factory, but without the flavor behind it. My Review of this place has taken a completely separate turn due to my most recent experience. I had made reservations almost 2 months in advance to take advantage of the Waterfire atmosphere. When we arrived, there was no table ready. We were offered the private dinning room at no extra charge but this is tucked away in a corner not facing the Waterfire. My party of 9 was then sat in this room for hours while they milked us for drinks. We did not receive our food until 11 pm. Our reservations were for 8pm. Just in time to be disappointed at only catching the tail end 15 minutes of Waterfire. Sad to say this has tainted my view and I will not be returning to this restaurant again. But if you like expensive mediocre chinese then by all means. head on over.|1|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|RU51o5gz8GgYMU03e_nnvQ|1|So Saturday night I was in Providence with 2 friends of mine. One of my friends was raving about Fire & Ice and how she had been on multiple dates here and it was supposedly good.We were told the wait was going to be an hour, we didn't have reservations so we went back inside the mall for 40 mins to kill some time. After we came back apparently our name had been called 20 mins ago (what happened to the hour wait?) and we were moved off the list. Thanks guys! But maybe that's our fault that we didn't want to wait around when there was nowhere to sit / room to stand.So finally we take a seat in the restaurant at a wobbly table. The waiter doesn't explain much since one of my friends had been here before. We approach the buffet type lines and grab bowls to place food in. The buffet lines looked pretty disgusting. Vegetables thrown about, food mixed in with the ice underneath the bowls keeping it cool. At the meats section I was grossed out a bit by seeing multiple dishes of raw meats. You would think they would semi-cook them or something. I imagined getting salmonella from the spoon that looked like it had mixed too many times with the raw chicken. The sauces didn't seem to match my appetitie and I wondered afterwards why I just didn't grab a hamburger patty. I ended up making black beans, rice, noodles, broccoli, sprouts, terriaki sauce, and chicken. A very weird combination, but nothing seemed to match perfectly.Once we got in line to cook the place was madness. The cooks dancing and singing around the grill was entertaining but the teeny-boppers requesting pictures of the chefs every 5 seconds was not. We wedged our place into the line and roughly 10 mins later our food was done. Nothing to rave about. I thought the noodles had a peculiar taste like they had been soaked in soap honestly.I don't think I'd go back again. It's the experience that's what's more thrilling than the food, even though the experience is a little gross. It was a waste of $20 on my part.|2|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|_0cWueK8TnVQgzDAHYzmqA|1|Even with a COUPON this place was underwhelming.I don't want people to think I'm an absolute jerk for doing this, but there needs to be an element of reality added to this morass of reviews. This is Thayer street and I'm aware that this establishment is catering to college students who're just happy to have an option outside of their dining commons but seriously, step it up. This place is well-known for their cookies and that's already reflected well in the review highlights, but if this were a bakeshop, they'd advertise it as such. They call themselves a Cafe that serves soup and sandwiches, yet why do their sandwiches suck then? They're big...that's great for students on a budget but their prices are just as big for sandwiches that do not measure up. I had the Thanksgiving sandwich, which I had high hopes for. I was hoping for some roasted and hand carved turkey breast....I was disappointed. I was hoping for some savory, fatty turkey gravy to meld the components of the sandwich together...also disappointed. Fine...how about a side dish to save the day? You gave me a bag of plain chips. Why would I rather not go to a dining common? I'm not sure. My dining partner had the cheesesteak sandwich which was absolutely flavorless. Sure it's a nice place to chill and sit down and have a really good cookie, but seriously? Get over it. Grab a cookie and go get lunch somewhere else.|3|0|0
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|gE-5s1PtmW5EDXoe3ClLBw|4|Very excited to see that Kartabar is being renovated this week!Visit early enough to eat and then stay for drinks. I haven't had a bad time yet! Bartenders are friendly and you'll get to know them quickly. Try an Espresso Martini on the rocks.At about 10PM, it becomes more of a bar atmosphere and the tables will start moving to make way for a dance floor. Most come here for the bar scene but the food is really under appreciated!It's small enough that you won't be able to have a conversation later in the evening. The music is just too loud. Parking on Thayer Street can be tricky. Never been and had to pay a cover.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|mB2ApU52yakm4ckZTNu2Yw|3|We stopped by Luxe today (4th of July) because Ri-Ra was closed for the holiday. Sometimes it's a good thing when your plans go down the tube and today was one of those times.First impressions stick, and the host was super-duper friendly which definitely helped to put a more positive spin on the experience.We were seated promptly and after about 5 minutes our waitress came out. My boyfriend grabbed a BYOB burger and after being tempted by the wallet friendly BOGO calamari ($8.99) they have on for a Wednesday special., I went with my salivating tongue and ordered the Umami Burger and substituted the fries with potato salad ( Ahi Tuna Steak, Sesame Soy Glaze, Ginger Slaw, Wasabi Mayonnaise) for $10.99. The substitute cost nothing extra.My sandwich did not disappoint at all- however it is extremely messy (this factor had no affect on my rating). I went through 2 napkins and had to wash my hands afterwards since they just took a shower in burger juice. The potato salad was just ok, no added pizzah! or spice excepts for a few green onions on top (which I love.) I didn't taste my boyfriend's burger at all, but it looks lackluster for the price when you can go to Five Guys and get a burger with everything for $5 and change.The reason why I gave 3 stars in the customer service field. Our waitress bought us our food and never came back to check on us. Period.  saw her inside shooting the shit with her friends a lot. We had another friend show up 20 minutes after we got there, she came out and took his order, then returned to being a ghost. After sitting for about 15+ minutes with empty drinks and plates, my boyfriend eventually went in to have her bring out the check. I hate it when servers jump down your throat before you even get a forkful of food in, but I hate it even more when they don't check on you at all. I could of used more napkins. A lot more. And I noticed the table next to us had to grab ketchup from another table after waiting for her as well. The host was the saving grace, and the other waiter that I wish we had that I saw busting his ass outside.Luxe, congratulations, you are home to my new favorite sandwich and my least favorite waitress.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|5tA-QJBANAicg-z_NLa4ZQ|4|I really enjoyed this place, it's a cool looking restaurant right in the center of Providence. The menu is mostly burgers and you pretty much design your own meal. Me being who I am I just had to go rare. I ordered a kobe beef burger, jalapeno cheese, onions tomatoes and I covered the damn thing in pulled pork. My date was a bit embarassed. She ordered a kobe burger with cheese and a bunch of veggies. Your meal also comes with your choice of sides and their are numerous different sauces to choose from.I'm a fan of luxe burger, what is their not to like about designing your own beaute cheese burgerrrr.|2|1|2
0cYGdh3BVnIiLxPB88fEUg|qVEmas6gFaOoRLAhLIyJmw|5|"This is where Stanley's used to be." - Says my inner Rhode Islander.I was told that this place used to be a lot of places but I'm not too sure. All that really matters is that what's there now is a hit. There have been so many times where I wish there was and All-You-Can-Eat soup bar (ok let's be honest, I think there needs to be more All-You-Can-Eat places in Rhode Island.)Ryan D. and I went here to test the waters with a half dozen order of clam cakes and chourico. AMAZING. They were crispy on the outside and tasty on the inside. You can really taste the different flavors. With the clam cake approval, we decided to come back for lunch for the all-you-can-eat soup bar. The best thing about this is that it only costs $7 and the soups are all very good. I ate about five cups total of soup and my favorite one has got to be the Southwestern Corn Chowder. It was creamy, spicy and you can even taste the fresh fire-roasted corn. This was probably one of the best soups I've had. I also tried their kale and chourico and chili. Both were admirable and fresh but nothing really could compare to the corn chowder.The service here is really fantastic and even though the place was empty at times, everyone kept busy by constantly cleaning, adjusting and making OUR experience awesome. I hope people realize how great this place is. It's a nice addition to eatery options in Downcity.|3|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|bQgtwxcXIS1CXqIm4x-h4w|5|One of the most delicious meals I've had since Kiss Seafood in San Fran! Saying The Duck and Bunny immediately makes my mouth water. I went with a friend for their breakfast menu and I can honestly say it was a mighty challenge to finalize a decision on the menu. Literally everything sounded amazing! Luckily, my friend and I have an understanding that we share half of our dishes with each other, so I was able to enjoy my first choice (The Distinguished Lincon - A an extremely satisfying savory crepe with black forest ham, gruyere and caramel mustard. I don't even like mustard, but this was an amazing and complimentary combo) and my second choice (Tea Sandwiches - 5 delicious varieties of traditional finger sandwiches, can't go wrong). The ambiance is a mix of silly, understated elegance with splashes of color here and there. The fireplace is lit and the lighting lowered in the evening for an added intimacy bonus. If I had to point out any cons, the space is claustrophobia- inducingly small and it was awkward to seat ourselves and have space for bags/coats without impeding on the space of our neighbors. Definitely try to not bring a lot of stuff with you when you go. The only other thing I didn't approve of was how long the service took at certain points. I went on an early saturday afternoon and we were seated, our order taken fairly soon after, but when our food and tea arrived it was as if we were forgotten about. I'm wondering whether or not it had to do with a woman next to us doing a sampling for her upcoming bridal party, but our plates sat empty on our crowded little table for a while before they were cleared and we never got a check back on our table to see how things were or if we needed anything else. We were on a bit of a time constraint to make a train and it was irritating to have to actually stand up and walk over to the service staff to ask for the check because no one paid attention enough to see we were staring at them trying to flag someone down. I also had to walk up and **physically deliver the card to a server** so we could pay and make the train. Neither of these two irritants were enough to knock off a star because enjoying such a delicious meal surrounded by whimsical charm was a real treat and I can't wait to go back to try their dinner menu. Till then I'll entertain myself with thoughts of sitting at their bar guzzling tea and eating sweets while surfing on my computer. Free wifi ftw.|1|0|0
RIzlH7t_wVhiTFklmYC1RA|K2GXS6XJyXu01FC6_FKmNg|4|I had a great experience here. I took advantage of the $1 oysters which they run as a special every Tuesday. The oysters were perfectly prepared and amazingly fresh. For my money it's the best Tuesday night in providence. I am a repeat customer for sure.|0|0|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|kDzOmJ6PvJPptrliY1Ui2w|5|The only--and I really mean the only--bad thing I can say about Olga's is that it isn't open on Sundays. Everything else--the bread, the lunch and the Saturday brunch--is pretty much perfect|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|j-yXAQo-kIikdg5rmwtkeA|4|Coffee exchange is my favorite place to get coffee in Fox Point.  The coffee and specialty drinks are well-prepared, and the servers are friendly and eclectic.  I love the always-busy vibe and the soothing background hum in provides. However, sometimes it can be TOO busy  (especially on weekend mornings) to find a table.   There can be a long line, although it moves quickly. Squatters be warned - they have recently tried to crack down on people staying and working at tables, there are signs up stating a 1-hour time limit.|0|0|0
HPDZZjKAi4vmtLEvYmk2Hw|11YOuhbC50YHN-U-QDWCZw|1|Awful.Food is bland and boring at best. Service... what service? The people who work here usually look at you like you're causing them bodily harm by speaking when you try to order your food. If you do succeed in ordering, they may or may not bring it to you in about half an hour (even if all you got was a bagel with some cream cheese).Oh, and they trap you in the bathroom! No joke. The dishwasher, when open, blocks the bathroom door. So if you happen to be in the bathroom when they start loading or unloading the dishwasher, you gotta wait until they are done. No, apparently, they can't stop what they are doing and let you out - they actually have the nerve to tell paying customers to wait in the bathroom....Awful.|1|4|2
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|E4WQfA0CaDe9qH5pdZML_Q|1|Food like a mediocre bar, drinks like a mediocre bar.  I went here a few weeks back and all I remember is an overpriced, bland appetizer sampler and an alright cubano.  The well vodka in my friend's drink was unbelievably harsh.  Cool interior, though.  Off night?  Who knows.|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|iJMDvVg6Mgl43is4XxIKsA|5|A snuggery is a "cozy and comfortable place," such as The Duck and Bunny on the east side of Providence.  I was lucky enough to spend part of my Saturday afternoon here this past weekend with a British-born friend who swears the high tea service here is the best she's had in the states, and at the best price ($18 for the whole shebang)!  While the tea tasting aspect of my experience at the Swan's Cafe in Boston was incomparable and I would recommend it over and over again to anyone who loves tea as much as I do, the overall experience here (and the food especially) was a lot better than what we were offered (at almost twice the price!) in Boston.The Duck and Bunny really is as cozy as its name suggests.  A sign above the menu stand tells customers to take one and seat themselves, while a basket of fluffy white blankets beneath invites visitors to curl up and stay awhile.  It also boasts three fireplaces, free wi-fi, funky chandeliers, giant armchairs, white rustic decor with light gray striped walls, fresh sunflowers in tall glasses, a cupcake bar, Victorian-style paintings of ducks and bunnies, and more.  One of the owners is an interior designer, and you can tell when you walk in here and are met with a sense of comfort that you just can't place.  Somehow, you feel at ease to grab one of those blankets, find a chair, order some tea, a couple cupcakes, and make yourself comfortable, literally.The teapots are all white but shaped differently, making each person's tea experience a little unique.  Also, you are less likely to confuse your tea pot with your neighbor's :)  I love the whole matching, but mismatching aspect of it.  Another draw (probably the biggest) is their cupcake selection.  They have several varieties daily, in both regular and mini sizes, and in addition to serving tea and coffee, they have wine and beer, and even suggest pairings with each of their many crepes (in case you need something a little stronger than tea, haha)!After perusing the menu extensively, I opted for probably the most obvious choice for my first visit here: the High Tea, which is served all day!  It's $18 per person and includes a selection of sandwiches, scones with jam (locally produced) and Devonshire cream (imported from the good ol' UK), mini-cakes and sweets, and a pot of tea.  We also decided to split an order of bacon-wrapped dates, because how can you not order bacon-wrapped dates when they're on a menu? You tell me.  My friend ordered the Rachel and Monica, which is one of their many humorously-named crepes, this one filled with spinach, goat cheese, and sun-dried tomato.The food was all realllllly good. I loved the chewy-crunchy-sweet-salty bacon-wrapped dates.  They were done perfectly.  The ridiculous array of food that accompanied my tea was almost too much to finish.  I actually took some of my sweets home to finish later :)  The sandwiches were made of super soft and fluffy wheat bread (no stale bread here), and each was perfect in its own way.  The cucumber sandwich was light and fresh with a creamy herb butter beneath, adding just a touch of richness.  The tuna salad was not overly fishy and just tasted simple and light.  The turkey was actually a turkey salad with dried cranberries studded throughout, adding a hint of sweet-sour chewy texture.  The sun-dried tomato cream was incredible, not overpowering, just a creamy hit of sun-dried tomato flavor, and topped with a fresh, juicy cherry tomato (probably my favorite!).  The smoked salmon encased a generous filling of dill cream, and for someone who generally refers to dill as her least favorite herb, hands down, I loved it!  The scone was moist and studded with dried fruits, and served with a rich and delicious Devonshire cream, a smooth chocolate-raspberry sauce and fresh strawberry preserves.  It was the perfect assortment of scone toppings with a perfectly moist scone to boot.  The mini cupcakes were both moist and delicious in their own right.  I can't wait to try some of their other flavors.  The meringues were light, fluffy, and chewy, just as they should be.  No complaints here.Officially speaking, the Duck and Bunny has won my heart in ways that most men only dream :)  If I had a purse big enough, I'd shove the entire high tea assortment into my bag and just eat it on the run, a fugitive from high tea Heaven.  Their menu makes me sad that I don't live there, and can't eat there every day.  I might camp out outside in an attempt to replicate the pure bliss I experienced here on Saturday every day of my life.  I should be so lucky...|1|0|0
P2r5tl57DWK5AcZ_GiSvWg|IhmBr-yHC8xLjdnoq7O37w|4|If you're inlove with crusty, greasy Greek-style pizza, or thin crust pizza like Fellinis, you might not be able to appreciate Pizza Pie-er.For about $5-9 bucks, you can get a personal size specialty pizza that is more than enough to fill anyone, topped with a mountain of toppings that work like magic together.It's what you'd call "gourmet" pizza, and it's not really comparable to other pizza places in Providence, they're more like little works of art.I got this, and it was fantastic:pizza napolentana............................................... puttanesca sauce topped with grilled chicken, red roasted peppers and our signature cheese blend - $7My guest got this and he loved it as well:pizza grande.......................................................... tomato sauce with black olives, onions, mushrooms,  green peppers, garlic, meatballs, sweet italian sausage, pepperoni, broccoli, anchovies and extra cheese. - $7 (no anchovies).I have to say, the pizza grande was a monster.A hint for those who don't like the crust.... they have four different types of crust: white, wheat, veggie and multi-grain, so try something out of your comfort zone like multi-grain for a more sturdy crust.Overall, the pizza is awesome and unique and I love it. Also, they deliver until 2am.|1|0|0
EqOxdxn_ziCSkj988ERTgw|axnt1nX8jrkdY5g4huHZfQ|3|The food was good, but the Happy Hour was not. My coworkers and I make a weekly Happy Hour round throughout the city, and were disappointed by Aspire's. Their menu did not match the one that was on their website, they literally dropped ALL of their martini glasses and had to serve us in wine glasses or tumblers, and the service just wasn't that great. Our waitress was perfectly nice, but the General Manager didn't have much to offer. At the end of our meal he happened to approach our table, and when we told him about the mismatched menu situtation, he didn't offer much of an apology or compensation whatsoever. He basically just shrugged and said something about how his web guy would need to change it. It's been two weeks now and it still hasn't been changed, by the way :)Try it for dinner maybe, but stay away from the after-work specials. I would instead recommend The Oyster Bar on Federal Hill or McCormick & Schmick's.|0|0|0
lSS24T_8LX_Ucq8YXZpdHg|X2Vztu1xlYOEB3Igo9MMZg|4|After a long search around Providence for wings I have settled on Wings and Things. I have not had much of their menu but I have had several varieties of their wings and their chili cheese fries.In chili cheese form their fries are fantastic.Their wings are the best around as far as I am concerned. Don't bother with their ancillary dishes. I have heard some are good and some are not. Just get wings. I haven't had a bad flavor yet. Where they really shine is with their hot, X-hot, scorching  range of wings. They are amazing and right in the range of hot being pretty standard wing spicy and scorching being at the high end of normal.If you want to go blistering or atomic be ready. They are not messing around.I also can recommend all of their BBQ wings, buffalo garlic, and General Tsao wings as a change of pace.|0|0|0
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|w5bByMf6HnYbdrwS-LKR9g|3|There is a very wide variety of sandwiches to choose from, all of which are written on chalkboards which sprawl around the room.The sandwiches themselves are pretty good, but as mentioned before in other reviews, not very filling. That's not to say that they skimp out on the contents. But they are relatively expensive considering their size. Last time I went in I bought a sandwich (The Godfather) and a small bag of chips for $9 change and I was hungry again a half hour later.Staff is relatively friendly, though I don't think I've ever been called "dude" or "man" so much in my life. If they lowered the price a couple dollars I would be willing to return more frequently.|2|2|1
dQfvxeuNNqku7mozkk4Y3w|Xf94N4CuNXfyzDeLXwS4Bg|5|Its delicious!|0|0|0
it9mZRfzo9DsFmddSESLbw|gVFxZMcuG_Tal2_TnpmUPg|3|I do like Sewaddee. The two things that make me rank it a three star (below Thai Star)? The small portion sizes and the lack of spice.The food is tasty, particularly the pad see eiw, but I've yet to leave here not feeling as if I could use some more of whatever I got. The curry puffs in particular - three small (two bite) puff for $6? Really? Ten dollars for a small serving of mostly noodles is almost extortion - and it's getting worse and worse.The other issue is the lack of spice in the food. Everything could use way more - not just hot-spicy, but also flavourful-spicy. Things like the pad see eiw have just enough white pepper to make you wish there was twice as much.The other thing to note - though it's not an issue with the food - this is the smallest restaurant I think I've ever seen. It's maybe the size of my living room - and they somehow pack in eight tables. This is NOT a place to go with groups of more than four, or with anyone with issues moving and sitting in a tight space.|1|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|s3aex-QpU6FU0Ej4PGJyOg|3|3 stars for massive, delicious sandwiches. 0 stars for the atmosphere and service.i picked this place based on the reviews on Yelp and the food did not disappoint. Friend A ordered a bowl of tomato soup and the petite Greek salad. the soup came in a bucket-like bowl and the salad was HUGE. more than enough for 2 people. Friend B ordered a tuna melt with a side of hummus. the tuna was pretty good and the sandwich massive. but what do you do with a side of hummus that doesn't come with pita or carrot sticks? fortunately Friend A's salad came with more than enough pita to share. I ordered the Thanksgiving sandwich which was not only huge but very tasty. The stuffing was full of herbs (mmm....sage!) and the turkey was warm and juicy. The side of potato salad was lacking in flavor, but the sandwich was more than enough food.Now for the bad: the tables are small and way too close together. When I got up from my table, my ass would rub against the table next to me. I didn't like how you had to order at the counter and then seat yourself. What if your food is ready before you are able to get a table? ANd then there is no service at the tables. No water/soda refills. No one to ask for an extra napkin. So you are forced to get up and rub your ass against your neighbor's lunch to get up and get it yourself. Plus, you don't have the comfort of sitting down at the table and perusing the menu to figure out what you want to eat.All in all, the situation is pretty awkward. And as far as I could tell, they don't have french fries. Huh? And a place like this should be serving breakfast all day. I mean, at least all day on Sundays when we were there. I'm just sayin'...|0|0|0
AKfHinPZ5vdPdHRzpvSWtw|RepbaM5Opkimc95QNy8aPw|4|Stopped after church for an early lunch and tried their vegetarian hot pot. Truthfully I love Korean beef BBQ but trying to be more vegetarian for health and environmental reasons. I don't know too much about Korean food but it is delicious so far. The fact that almost every person eating here or picking up takeout is of Korean descent is a good sign.In the hot pot (very hot so be careful of the edges) were veggies, tofu and a fried egg on top of rice. More than enough for one person. Cost: $12.95The atmosphere is warm with dark brown furniture and cool lighting. The music is jazzy and instrumental. Apparently their Johnston location has all you can eat BBQ so when I'm in a meat eating mindset, I may just try it out.|0|0|0
rblZR9xtCUgwjE19AU2y8w|fNVGLOoX0ceHoyzStN2gGw|5|Gourmet India, altho located in the foodcourt, serves up some of the best Indian food around.  Besides, a combo with rice and a side of Riata (theirs is the BEST yogurt sauce I've ever had), will only cost you about $8 and its enough to serve two people.  Add their wonderful fresh-made nan and dinner is done!  This is the perfect take-it-to-go when you're leaving the mall.  Not sure what you like?  You can look right at it, even ask to taste it.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|5F2CLpJ2YcX8O1HLtwarMA|4|Gold label beef. Check.Medium Rare. Check.Sharp Provolone. Check.Dill pickles. Check.Tomatos. Check.Fried egg. Check.Spicy catsup. Check.In a wrap. Check.Yeah, and with a side of some of those sweet potato fries.And that is how it started.Diggity.Monday night. Dining outside. Excellent waitress. Service was quick and the pace unhurried. Three of us dropped in and had a great time.Yes, I recommend it. In fact, I am looking forward to going back to create some other gastronomic delights.|0|0|0
J4lY9l9LsKWBTa49cY0-mw|Fyl8Q5HwwPWCyHJELW1n4w|5|Great place to catch a pizza and wings, along with some Sangria and beer. The establishment was most helpful in setting up for a party of six outside where we would dine on a perfect summer night.  The waitress was so helpful explaining the menu and making some great suggestions which we acted upon when ordering. The wings were outstanding. A mountain of coal fired, moist, yet crisp, wings sitting on a bed of sweet carmalized onions was the best.  We then shared two pizzas; a meatball and margarita. The crust, as different from any pizza crust we've ever experienced was crisp, fresh, and obviously hand formed.  Each slice was Loaded with flavor, crust  was not dry, but moist , and the crust (which I tend not to eat)  continued with flavor and crispness but not tough or doughy. Total bill for 6; two drinks per person, two pizzas, 2 pounds of wings came to $55 per couple.  This establishment warrants a return visit, definitely.|0|0|0
ASpO-JqCKBWNR08vhdbiTg|iJCQnBeaMcAEiVRdN_UeDA|5|I'm not one to write reviews but I LOVE this store! I live in NYC and every time I come home I make sure to visit Pie in the Sky. The people who work there and the owner are so nice and the jewelry is very unique. They have great rings and necklaces. They'll also fix rings for you if they're broken for $10-$20 depending on the ring, which is nice bc most places charge upwards of $50. All around great place :)|0|0|1
24CV8Si8DulpStT7s71Agw|im1wz9pO7eFNcWrrtfIMpA|4|This place is awesome. It's a little pricey, but the sacrifice is quite worth it. Their breakfast menu, which lasts from 8am until 11am, is to die for. I personally am not that big of a fan of their regular menu, but the pastries that they have all day are amazing if nothing else really sparks your interest. Their drinks are also great. The Wicked Hot Chocolate and Harney's teas are perfect for winter.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|seoDhKRxvNA6UmsOGFQt0Q|3|I don't know, maybe I'm being hasty reviewing Luxe after just one visit, but I had a pretty awesome felafel wrap.  I always love the "build your own" concept and they don't disappoint.  I had felafel on a wrap with goat cheese. Yum.  I had a side salad as my side which was ok. My husband said that he enjoyed his burger and the fries that came with it.  Nothing too spectacular but it was good.  Atmosphere was a little bland but the outside seating wasn't too shabby.  The service was a little scarce at first, but after our server finally made it to our table she was pretty spot on.  I can't say it was the best burger joint I've patronized in the city, but it was pretty decent. The beer list is nothing to scoff at either. Although I was disappointed that most of the best beer selections were only available in bottle.|0|0|0
Dn-6ZmMqHW_ATU1I-nrNjw|e6CklzQiZfjUmSvx9IViYg|4|Capriccio is absolutely breath-taking.  When I stepped in the double-doors, I felt like I was walking into a traditiona ristorante in Italy.  The decor is old-world and elegant.  The tables are classically adorned and quite comfortable.  The servers are outfitted in full suits.  Dining at Capriccio is more of an experience than a meal.  It's the way dining was meant to be: elegant, unhurried, decadent.And the food?  Near perfection.  Everything was beautifully prepared and elegantly presented.  Some dishes stood out more than others.One of the first things that caught my eye was the bread basket.  I truly felt like I was back in Italy when it arrived.  There were three options: multigrain bread, white Italian bread, and traditional Italian breadsticks (not Olive Garden-esque breadsticks).  I would have preferred the bread be warm, but that is my own personal preference.  My biggest gripe with the bread was the butter.  They served the butter in a dish with ice, making the butter hard and unspreadable.  My first course was the sining star of the meal- zucchini rollatini stuffed ricotta and porchetta.  The flavors simply exploded with the very fist bite.  It was delicate while still being flavorful.  The flavors complimented each other amazingly well, truly showcasing the chef's talent.  My main course was pan-seared tilapia with baby shrimp, asparagus, and roasted potatoes.  While still very good and well-prepared, it didn't shine as much as the appetizer.  The sauce used was a tad on the oily side for my personal preference, but the flavor of it was enjoyable.  The portion size was absolutely perfect.For dessert, I chose the Vanilla Panna Cotta.  The vanilla flavor was quite strong, but the dessert was far too sweet for my taste.  A fellow diner enjoyed the dish much more than I did, which doesn't surprise me.  I'm quite picky about custardy desserts, and this one did just not win me over.  You may love it, however.Overall, I think that Capriccio is a wonderful dining option in Providence.  The food is well-prepared and wonderfully executed.  The restaurant itself is beautiful.  I will likely go again to sample more of the menu and perhaps find that perfect dish that will raise my review that extra star.|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|ZhOQ3SwLQfS1majXxdv1jg|5|This place is great. Very efficient service, reasonable prices and cozy atmosphere. The food is completely delicious. It's about time that we got an ethiopian restaurant in providence!|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|5p2sgaiEsAbvoNfcJuWmpA|1|If Dunkin' Donuts mated with garbanzo -- there you go. The falafel here resembles greasy, heavy, lint. I don't get why people like this place. Sure, the service is very "Soup Nazi" *(entertaining a 'la Seinfeld) but the food is not that good. It is cheap and fast but c'mon. There are great Middle-Eastern places beyond Thayer.* do you know about the infamous ketchup ban?|1|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|EUWwwGzNRoLaC1n0Dku8gQ|5|Love this place! The Nutella Crepe is so delicious its ridiculous! When you first walk in it literally is the size of a bedroom. There isn't much place to sit when it gets packed but the food is totally worth it. They have a whole crap load of smoothies that taste WAY better than the ABP next door and they are cheaper. The people behind the counter, especially the one girl Amy, are freakin' hilarious. Always smiling and ready to offer you another crepe when yours is done. The best part of the whole experience is actually getting to watch them make the crepes right in front of you. There is a "bar like" setup right next to the cash register and right behind the crepe making thing (whatever that thing is called lol). Around the school year there are always a lot of "hipster" kids in and out in between classes but they usually don't make to much of a ruckus. I had no idea about the 25% off check in deal which makes me want to go back even more! I will definitely be going back to this place whenever I get the chance! Gotta make sure Amy is workin' she makes the best Crepe/best customer service out of the three or four people that work there (that girl deserves a raise)!!|2|1|0
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|bVTu2_lx2j8G8SJZDMDO8g|5|What a cute & cozy bar in Providence.  Our server Karla was very sweet and helpful.  Drinks was good & service was fast.  Owner Philippe was there on the night and he came over and drink with us, that was very nice of him.  I heard the food was good there, cant wait to go back to try them all!!!|1|1|1
ILLYK1PwY2F5c__Dhycopw|3DqeuxNWduWVSSD44d2zPQ|5|Not cheap but the best steak I ever had in RI was at the Capital Grille. Also great lamb chops and professional service. Definitely worth the money if you are looking to impress!|1|0|0
KU3o2bfHa-igvS7DgnpzDw|ZpnA9ZDunx6LwHIo7Gw8wg|4|Madeleine's ThoughtsMochi ice cream?! Panda chocolate cookies?! Those stick things you dip in chocolate?!?!?!?!I had never actually been inside Haruki Express so I had never noticed the little convenience store inside. It's wonderful! Prepackaged noodles, mochi icecream bonbons (which are deeeeelicious! $5 for a box of 6. Good for me!). I decided to grab lunch while I was there. I got a chicken teriyaki rice bowl, which I'd give 2-3 stars. It was super hot which was GREAT but the chicken wasn't the greaaatest.I will definitely be returning here... mochi mochi mochi! I can't get enough!!! I give the restaurant alone 2-3 stars... but that convenience store grabbed another one!|0|1|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|7WX0xxgB_YqcNrOZ2FFkhA|3|I get that we don't have a lot of options around RI for good Indian food. That makes Kabob and Curry a favorite just because it exists. They have really amazing shrimp tikka masala. The naan is pretty good too. My main issue with this place is how absurdly expensive it is. The location is part of it, but I really think it's way overpriced for what it ultimately is. I guess holding the monopoly on good Indian food in the state lets them charge as much as they do.|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|PBQkSSW-mkjF_R2eAYMV7Q|4|This place is so sweet and charming that it almost brings tears to your eyes. Fantastic selection of desserts and crepes. I wish I lived in Rhode Island so I could go more often!|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|KI195SOK3XV2WI_OyuOHOg|4|Great place to go for a good burger and some beer. I like the fact that you can customize your burger to order.|0|0|0
0cYGdh3BVnIiLxPB88fEUg|X2Vztu1xlYOEB3Igo9MMZg|4|This clam shack has been open less than a week. I have not been to their other outposts in Warren and other places.The restaurant in Providence is awesome. They have only been open for a few days (3-4 at the time we went). Even though, we were supremely happy with the speed and attentiveness of the the staff. It was clear that the staff was still working out opening week jitters but if this is the worst of it then the restaurant is in for excellent reviews.On top of the developing service the food was great. The seafood was fresh. The side dishes were great and the chowder was spot on.I highly recommend the place.|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|fMFUNmmtkzBlYS0Gk_FVdw|3|I came here for Winter Restaurant Week and the food was very delicious. I happened to be sick that day, and when our waiter found out, he mixed me a special cocktail to help me feel better - and it worked! Aside from that wonderful exception, I wish the wait staff were a little less attentive. Someone was asking if we needed anything literally every two minutes. It was like trying to date in high school with helicopter parents!|0|0|0
I8dgF5_UENHKJwb0k8J49Q|LCZgiPzUKzigGdj76cygQA|4|Fast, delicious food with reasonable prices. My biggest pet peeve of this place is the set up when ordering. The first station is for burritos, quesadillas, or tacos and you immediately go up to there and order and pay at the last station. However, if you're ordering any type of sub or salad or anything of that sort you have to go to the last station to order and pay. This definitely gets confusing is there's a ton of people in the place!|0|0|0
G7zdZt33PU_Gfmt3qHD88w|JwaA6cRbOpm2QyUNpQDsLw|4|What a great surprise!  In Providence, RI ... a high quality, fun, japanese/sushi experience.Everything I've tried here has been very good so far.And, the VALUE is amazing.  Everytime I go there w/ my girlfriend, we choose whatever we want, leave completely full, and it is always less than $40 (2 people) ... this includes coconut juice, coke, and seawead salad starter, 2-3 sushi plates and 2 orders of spicy crunchy shrimp tempura rolls.The food tastes very fresh, the staff is friendly, and it's a good deal ... I always have cravings for this particular place.I really enjoyed sitting and eating at the low japanese-style seating area ... it really completes the whole experience.  Try it !Wickenden St. is clearly the fun street for "adventurous foodies" (not pretentious ones) to have a good meal.  The street itself provides an interesting walk, so park at the bottom of the hill, and walk up to Tokyo Restaurant, then you'll get to see other local spots./tom|1|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|HrmqhXOYC9ohbpkl0ynz7A|5|180+ reviews already, so I don't think much more needs to be said. Some of the best falafel i've had.|0|0|1
9hjuKkPO0LryqAq1xSfpuA|6lF3WDsZ-gLAvwUwRNIzpQ|3|We were in Rhode Island, and I insisted we go for Indian food. Of course, we had to drive over half an hour to get it, but when we got to Taste of India, I was glad we did.  The service was prompt and the restaurant clean and cool.  We ordered an assortment of appetizers and then had the Chicken Korma and Chicken Saag.  All in all, the food was pretty good.  My bf had a Mango shake that has inspired him to make them at home (yum!), and I was pretty happy with the food as well.  Will I go here again?  Probably not.  Did it satisfy my craving for Indian food?  You betcha.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|x_Ud-A_0SHJ83-Tt1nHKYw|4|Excellent falafel, even if they fudge on tradition a bit. The lines can be long, but traffic moves relatively fast. Seating is limited.|0|0|0
w3p6mz0m1b-jPm26weDabQ|C5f-cZnw3CfoHI82gmgeQg|1|I went some time after noon to have breakfast. I had my laptop because I needed to work on a project. I ordered an omelet and a cup of coffee. After that, I had another cup of coffee and ordered a smoothee. Finally, I had one more cup of coffee. Everything was delicious by the way and the woman at the counter was particularly friendly. Around 1:30, an older woman (perhaps the owner's mother?) approached my table and asked me if I was 'done'. When I replied yes, she said 'good, because we need this table.' She went on to explain that it would be ok on another day, but it was busy. At that point, the restaurant was barely half full and I tried to explain that when I came in, this was the only table available. She either didn't hear me or didn't care to hear me as she just turned and walked away. I was extremely embarrassed as many of the tables overheard and were now staring.I would have gladly moved to a smaller table or to the stools by the window, but I no longer felt welcome at that point. I know that I would want this feedback if I owned a restaurant. Especially with direct competition within a few steps.|1|0|0
YEUgaDmoKvYQynNgVGenbw|e6CklzQiZfjUmSvx9IViYg|1|I love sashimi.  If I was rich, I would live off it.  I recently moved to Providence for an internship and during my first week I was itching for some good sushi.  Growing up in CT, I am accustomed to really fresh delicious seafood.  I was expecting the same from Rhode Island.  Unfortunately, my first choice was a bad one.I ordered the Sashimi regular which the menu stated that it contained 16 pieces of fish.  The menu specified which types of fish it would include, which is unusual.  Usually sashimi platters are chef's choice, but not here.  The sashimi wasn't bad by any means.  It tasted fresh and was served at the perfect temperature (one of my biggest gripes is ice-cold sashimi).   However, my plate had 14, not 16 pieces of fish, no ginger, and no wasabi.  Also, the portion sizes were itty bitty.  Sashimi pieces aren't supposed to be huge, but they're not generally paper-thin, either.  I left hungry.  Very disappointing.  And the prices?  INSANE.  My  tiny sub-par meal was $25.  Usually sashimi regular runs me about $18 at other establishments.The service was pretty abysmal, too.  Our waitress was a bit spacey and we waited FOREVER for her to pick up our credit cards.  Really, save yourself time and money and don't go here.  So not worth it.|3|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|A64Wja3BY3Q1wmk67Vdxbw|5|This place was simply amazing. The waiters and waitresses were polite, organized, and very helpful. The food was by far some of the best Italian food I've eaten, with several choices on the menu that you won't find anywhere else. All the ingredients were fresh, and the presentation was very nice. Overall I highly recommend this restaurant as a huge highlight in Providence's eating options, if you're willing to spend the money to eat here.|0|0|0
BxmSFfCPQN_bg24l44a56Q|Gmb8Se-rSitA2nKG0jsUcw|5|This is a truly remarkable place. Every time you walk in, you feel like you're at a special occasion, and it's not just the decor that makes you feel that way. The staff is attentive, friendly and goes above and beyond to make you feel like a king or queen.I had been there several times before for dinner and drinks and had such a good time that I decided to hold my wife's birthday party there. I had reserved the Board Room, anticipating that about 10 people would be joining us for dinner. As the date of the party approached, we realized that not everyone would be eating dinner, but just joining us for cocktails. I called the restaurant telling them about the situation and they were very gracious about letting us have the private room for such a flexible situation.Our server (whose name was Dave, I believe) was incredibly accommodating. As our guests often got up from their seats and moved about the room, he was able to keep track of their orders of food and cocktails. Our glasses were never empty, and even when a candle had gone out on the table he was quick to replace it. I should mention at some point that the cocktails here are unmatched in Providence. The skill and craft that goes into each drink is commendable, and with a menu that includes the Six Sazerac for $6, even artists like us can afford to drink artisan cocktails! Their food is also exquisite. They are normally small portions, but very artfully done.By the end of the party, there had been at least 15 people joining us at different points of the night. When the bill finally came, we were surprised that he would offer to split it up into separate bills! Not an easy feat, I can assure you. But Dave was on top of it, and made our fabulous night of delicious food and artfully crafted cocktails even more memorable. I would highly recommend The Dorrance for anything from an after-work drink to a special occasion.|1|0|1
8WGDqkmiwlq50SRIcB_X6w|mjkqYTie6toPuX5M-nx4Fw|4|*EDIT* I was a little disappointed tonight when I tried to go to McCurdy's and they said we needed reservations for dinner on the weekends. There were like... 5 empty tables and we couldn't be seated. Shouldn't there be tables set aside for people without reservations? I feel like places that require reservations are always a little uppity, and that totally wasn't the vibe I initially had from McCurdy's. For that reason, I had to demote my review from 5 to 4 stars. *EDIT*I just tried the good ol' junction house for the FIRST TIME this week and could not BELIEVE I have been driving past this place for months without ever going in. Part of me wants to lie and give this place a bad review to keep it as one of providence's best kept secrets. But alas, I can't lie! I must spread the wholesome heartiness that is this fine establishment.It has such an unassuming exterior--almost dumpy looking on the outside--which is why I never quite ventured my way in until now. But once you open that door, there's a beautifully decorated interior with bright festive table cloths and a homey eclectic mix of tables and chairs.MOREOVER, the food is just all-around good. Portions are enormous for a reasonable price, the menu selection is extremely diverse but carefully planned to match the season, and food preparation is clean, crafted, and wonderfully seasoned. It was just such a satisfying dinner all around.McCurdy's Junction House is honest, wholesome goodness. Maybe McCurdy was an Irish American saint. And by wholesome, I mean BYOB.|0|0|0
G7zdZt33PU_Gfmt3qHD88w|4TCOItk-gIJROyNA5ftZ-Q|3|Middle of the pack sushi restaurant. Not great, not horrible.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|IAMEikQIIeslHsJlklHAVA|4|What I really admire about restauranteur John Elkay is his ability to recognize when one of his restaurants isn't working, figure out what his dining audience wants, and changing. He did it when Big Fish wasn't cutting it anymore, and he's done it again with Luxe Burger Bar, formerly Citron.Luxe is not the place for romance. It's not quiet or dimly lit. The vibe is loud, fun and good for a group. We sat inside because the weather was iffy, but they have a great outdoor seating area.John and I both built our own burgers from a checklist like they use at sushi places. There were a lot of options that allowed each of us to have a burger unique to our own tastes. Mine was kobe beef with blue cheese, avocado, chipotle mayo and carmelized onions on a whole wheat bun. Absolutely delicious. The burger was hot, juicy and flavorful and the toppings were awesome. With my burger came the gorgonzola stuffed tater tots, which were heavenly. John's burger was a little more "run of the mill" with cheddar, lettuce and onions, but he loved his as well.My one critique of the place was one of John's favorite things about it. We were in and out in about 30 minutes. That was great the night we went because we were trying to make a movie, but I'm usually a lingerer. I like to enjoy the company I'm with, savor the food, and feel leisurely. But because of the nature of the type of food they serve, you're in and out fast. Some like that, others, like myself, would prefer to slow it down a little.|1|0|0
6SKPyuuG7duv-G2XGCafiQ|F1rIfM1lVvpeaOxOe9D3ZQ|4|THIS PLACE ROCKS!!Without this place, thayer street just would not be the same. Everyone can smell the nice and spicey dressing they mix in their buckets on the streets.9/10 times, the wings are awesome! WE once ordered for the super bowl, and the wings were a bit soggy, but then again, we ordered 150, so..Go there, eat the wings..try the hot suicide...homicide is a bit too much, and their seasoned wings are mighty tasty as well.If your in the area for school, Wings to Go is a must go to!|1|0|1
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|Up1O83ozcH-XU0KqYZR7Cw|5|OMG. That's definitely how I have to start this review. This was one of the best meals I've had while in Rhode Island. The intense flavors in the more nuanced dishes (spicy clam roast with homemade sausage) and the simple, clean ones in the straightforward dishes (squash blossoms and the zucchini and parmesan salad) were exquisite. And I can't even discuss the shear sublime-ness of the beets and frites and fresh pasta dishes -- it's like how you must refer to Voldemort as he-who-must-not-be-named. Too glorious for words. Hmmm maybe that simile doesn't work quite right? But you must go for the pizza, pasta, antipasto and terrific cocktails at the bar. It's just sensational and sensual. I'm grateful for this sexy little place.|0|2|0
mUMGNgo6x1Tlj75o-P3UHA|eFdipCdhU8rCyhj3DKcwJQ|5|Napa Valley Grille in Providence is on the money.  I took my husband here for his 30th birthday back in January 2008, as we were leaving for Sonoma, CA in the near future.  The beverage manager was unbelievably helpful.  He came over to chat, providing recommendations, maps, etc.  He recommendations for beer and wine were right on with ours.  He was truly interested in ensuring his customers were happy.  The waitstaff was very friendly and knowledgable.  We even received menus that said Happy Birthday Jim!!  My husband is a former chef and we are extremely picky about our food selection.  The food was top notch and was notably made with fresh and local ingrediants...very important.  Recently, we visit Napa Valley again for Restaurant Week (July 18, 2008).  My husband got to speak with the head Chef, Jeffrey Carroll, while he waited for me to arrive.  Jeff was down to earth and shares the same values in the kitchen as us.  After tasting the delicious squash and green apple bisque with boursin crostini, lump crab melt, and decadent pecan creme brule, we wondered why we were not coming to Napa Valley more often!?!  Next time you are heading out on the town....give this top notch restaurant a try!|1|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|NjlFUdnPsy3XJkFRNXuYzQ|4|Great beer, BBC always on draft, and the grilled cheese is awesome, also if they have it, their bacon chowder is wicked good.  Its a dark bar so you have to get used to that, but if you want a quite place where its never really too loud or busy this is your joint.|0|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|1YwqBzvZLmV3XQ5vrcE6DQ|4|I have only been here for breakfast but really like it. Go for the specials, they are creative and well thought out. Two eggs over with whole wheat toast gets old after awhile. The wait staff is fast and efficient, but can border on rushing, since they can get super busy and want to turn the tables over.Prices are not cheap, but not outrageous either. Expect to part with ~$20 for breakfast for two.If you are old like me, you will be up early so go there at like 7:30 on a Sunday morning and you won't have to wait. Old people don't sleep that much, because they have the specter of death looming over their dreams. So, we get to eat before you. See how that works?|0|1|0
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|zqma43CENEfE2VKXb9lelA|3|Not like the other PF Chang's that I've been to, but with only a few weeks of being open it will take some time to get things right. Food needs a little more taste to it! More like a 3.5 instead of 3.|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|q2Ix6dgTgBW0L_-XzTy85A|1|Horrible service and mediocre food. My food came out wrong. No apologies were made. My proper dish came out and was wrong again, but I just sucked it up and started to eat it. Went to take my first bite and there was a big looong hair in my food, that was definitely not mine. I sat there waiting for 10 minutes for the server to come by, but she never did. I finally go up to the host stand and ask to see the manager. The response I get..."why?" Apparently the young host with no manners is the manager. What a joke. No one cared what a craptacular time we were having.|0|0|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|p1Kp9G7Kcl0xGvVSaJLBxg|5|My absolute favorite lunch spot!  Amazing quality of food, creative flavors, and reliable - everything always tastes as good as it sounds.  Nice work, Olga and crew!  My only *small* issue is simply that the place is small, so the 12:00 hour during the work week is awfully crowded - it's nearly impossible to snag a table.  I recommend stopping in either before lunchtime, or later in the afternoon...|1|0|0
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|-HPO6hCCGtEo4K2STtCUkQ|4|When 10 was first recommended to me I found the name of the restaurant a bit presumptive.  I mean...a 10?  Everyone knows that yelp only gives 5 stars maximum.  Also, if I was going to be over the top why not just go all the way to 11.  Because 11 is more presumptive than 10.  You can't just make 10 more presumptive, 11 is simply more.  More beef with the name comes from the fact that 10 is not a prime number, 11 is but as we have already covered would be even more presumptive.So enough of that petty non-sense.  How about the actual experience?To start off I think several people have mentioned the decor of the restaurant as being gaudy.  To me...that is a bit of an understatement.  It's Machoman Randy Savage loud.  Probably the loudest restaurant I have ever been to.  The actual noise level for being a Friday night was very nice considering how close all the tables are to each other.  So there I am looking at the menu and I'm like, "did i step in to a Lady Gaga music video?"  I sure as hell hope not.  I put on my poker face when I talked to the waitress and my co worker and I ordered the skewer plate, the lobster sliders and a sushi roll special as appetizers.  Everything was excellent.  I particularly enjoyed the lobster sliders.  My first real gripe with what is becoming less than 10 Prime steak and sushi, maybe just an 8 now, is that their wines by the glass list was severely limited.   Nothing older than 07 and almost all the wines were 08's or 09's.  I don't know if its a west coast thing or not but I like my cab to not taste like grape juice.  I ordered the 07 Oberon cab to go with my steak but I couldn't finish my wine, it was terrible.The steak on the other hand was an 8oz bacon wrapped fillet and king crab oscar to go with it.  Those were phenomenal.  One of the better steaks I have had in recent times.  My co worker order the waygu beef and he said it was amazing.  Basically the steak grabbed the mic from Taylor Swift and was like, "Ima let you finish but this steak was the best steak this year."  To go with these excellent steak dishes I ordered some sauteed spinach and bacon baked mac & cheese.  A huge fail for a fine dining establishment is to forget anything that was ordered and despite how nice our server was that was exactly what happened.  My spinach never showed up.  Also, the mac & cheese that is supposed to have bacon in it... was sort of missing one of its main ingredients.  You guessed it, no bacon.The dessert menu's are in 3-D which means if you want the full dessert menu experience you have to put on these goofy glasses in a fine dining establishment.  *love game plays in background*  I ordered the creme brulee and it was nothing to write home about it.  It was good but not great.  So why fours stars for this establishment that appears like it just wants to dance instead of serve quality food?  The steak and appetizers were that good.  Many times errors in service are not the servers fault either so it was easy for me to write the mistakes off.  Also, free valet parking!  However, the major minus comes from their wines by the glass, awful!So while 10 Prime's name may not actually belay a true description of the experience this restaurant combines fine dining with a weird dive in to pop culture, its a bit of a departure from normal fine dining, sort of pop-dining.  I would have named the restaurant, "Lick My Steak Pump."|1|4|1
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|EtwnrL7v2MydEDfCMc2JjA|5|A place specializing in cupcakes, coffee, and beer? Helloooo Holy Trinity. The first thing that I love about this place is that during the day (or a Tuesday night) it's a good place to go for a cup of coffee to read or get work done while having a great cup of coffee (or a Guinness). It's also a killer place for Girls Night Out, a first date, an anniversary, a book club, etc. While some men (whoarenotintouchwithfeminineside) might shiver at the decor (white! pretty! teacups!), it maintains a sleek feel while still being delightfully shabby chic. Check out the bathroom. The management has some tips for ya ;-). Service is good--I've chatted with the owners (an adorable married couple whose lifelong dream was to open a snugger) on multiple occasions, and they're committed to the vision. It's a cool, much-needed addition to Wickenden Street. I've tried the cupcakes and the crepes, and definitely no complaints here. No hard booze, but when you can have lava lamp cocktails, who really cares? Open early and open late, so pick your poison.|3|1|1
G7zdZt33PU_Gfmt3qHD88w|IskGRUlkCoEoN9s_tVxsqg|3|Eh, wasn't my fav. cheap but the waiter spoke little english and it was difficult to order. It was also freezing!The Miso soup was yummy but the rolls were a bit to small for me.There also very little veggies in the rolls.|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|KozG48BH1gGDS0X7sio4Qg|5|Great spot, a melting pot.  The coffee is outstanding and roasted onsite.  Variety of breads, etc... from local bakeries.  Did I mention the Chicken Empanadas?|0|0|0
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|Wbwv4at33RscYwinLrxA4A|4|I came here late on a Tuesday night, so it wasn't very crowded. I had low expectations, but was pleasantly surprised by both the quality of the food and the service. Our waiter, Eric, was professional and polite. He was able to answer my questions about various dishes on the menu, and brought our drinks quite quickly. We got the seaweed salad (which was so tasty my boyfriend and I were fighting over who could finish it off first) and edamame for appetizers. I got the shrimp tempura sushi, which I chose mainly because it included fried food but still has the veneer of being healthy. I also had a bit of my BF's medium-rare steak, and it was cooked just right. The decor inside is very "hip" and geared towards a young crowd but I saw people of all ages inside. Final bonus-- when I asked one of the staff where the bathroom was, he actually WALKED me to it, instead of pointing a finger in the general direction of the back of the restaurant, which is what happens at most places. I will definitely be back.|0|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|jOxGuCtHsnmTQwempeXPMA|2|Well, the food is really only so-so, but pretty on par for Mexican food in New England.  However, you don't go to Tortilla Flats for the food--you go for the margaritas.  If all you're looking for is some nachos and a good margarita, then this is the place.|0|0|0
1-WF9A4i-0fI8XxCFbqrTA|0pKUs1y_pIc4oxKSzCBj_g|4|OK, we don't understand the two star ratings?  We're just a little confused? As far as barbecue goes, did you think you were in Texas?  We thoroughly enjoyed Rick's and will return again.  The service was pretty fast and the waitress was super attendant, even with the relatively large amount of tables she was servicing.  We had the Sangria and that was a good portion, served with a wooden spoon!!  I had some wings and some chili, both of which were outstanding.  I like the atmosphere and I liked the overall feel of the place.  We did pay for parking, but we parked at a meter up the street and it cost us about $1.50 - not a problem!!Go - you'll enjoy it!!|0|0|0
SWwP5Na6Z_-rrrt7z0yVmQ|YF92e4kjHHiIZcjmKBVJbA|4|Yay for a new and unique food truck (well, bike) in Providence!  I caught the PVD Pudding Pops bike cart at the Hope Street Spring Block Party.  I tried the cinnamon and the Rhode Island coffee milk pops--both were delicious and refreshing.  And, if that isn't reason enough to try one: they're made with milk from local Rhody farms!  By the time I got there they were out of their other flavors (chocolate and butterscotch) otherwise I would have tried those too.  At $2.75 a piece, they're not exactly cheap, but for a special treat they're totally worth it.  This is a new business, so check out @PVDPops on Twitter to see where they're at.  I don't think they have regularly scheduled stops right now, although since summer is around the corner, I imagine that will change.  Also, I know the name is PVD "Pudding" Pops, but I hope they introduce some fruit pops into the lineup.  Definitely worth checking out!|0|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|IhmBr-yHC8xLjdnoq7O37w|4|Huge high-quality sandwiches, a little heavy on the condiments.This place could really use an inside renovation to match up with the quality of food they're serving. When you walk in, you think "scrappy diner", when you walk out you think "damn, that was good".The sandwiches are gigantic. Any normal person can get a half-sandwich and be stuffed. A half-sandwich, even on bread, is the size of a sandwich anywhere else. Add in all the meats and cheeses and you've got yourself a hefty lunch.I got the turkey sandwich with bacon, cheese and cranberry sauce. They went a little overboard on the mayo and cranberry sauce and the sandwich fell apart pretty easy because of it, but the flavor was all there. I opted for the half-sandwich and salad which was about eleven bucks. You get a choice of side with your sandwich and I got a pickle. It was a big pickle. Got to try my boyfriend's potato salad and it was pretty serious business, very good.They have a gigantic menu of sandwiches. No bologna (boo), but lots of turkey, chicken and roast beef type of stuff. They also do all kinds of breakfast and dinners.My only complaint is that my coke was super flat, and that finding a parking spot (even though they have a little parking lot) was pretty tough, even in the middle of the week, during the day.|1|0|0
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|pKwtwW8r38o1lcvd4urVsQ|5|I stopped in one Friday afternoon after eating at a Japanese restaurant. I ordered the street noodles and i was surprised how good it was. It looked like a traditional chinese wide noodle dish but with curry. It wasn't spicy but had very good flavor.Parking might be a problem because of the narrow streets that surround the neighborhood. You can only park on one side of the street on Wickendon Street. There are a few bars on the same block and only a few blocks from Brown University so i can see that parking can be a problem later at night.I will definitely be going back to try other dishes.|1|0|0
ASpO-JqCKBWNR08vhdbiTg|IF9jWNtiHUd_UbOGfwHtYw|5|Pie in the Sky is an adorable little shop on Thayer St across from the bus tunnel. This is the perfect place to shop for a gift! The owner is super nice and helpful and goes out of her way to make customers happy!Antique Jewelry, funny cards, knick-nacks, there is lots to see in this small store!Everything is priced really well and the pieces are so unique, you will have a hard time finding them elsewhere.I will definitely stop into this shop again!|0|0|0
QadrDmx4k6Tl7QDz4fAWdg|QWbQEvMi8FiXhXSsfhBxDg|4|I liked this place. The neighborhood is cool and this seemed sort of like what NYC would have had more of if there was not Starbucks. My decaf berry tea was good! I liked sitting outside and people watching!|0|0|2
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|Jad-iiRoZThAUUENT36yIQ|5|Located right off Thayer St. on Fones Alley, this postage stamp sized restaurant serves up the most delicious crpes. All kinds of tasty combinations, it will be hard to choose!!Constant buzz from area students and business workers, don't go there if you're expecting to get away from the hustle and bustle of Thayer. In the summer there is also limited seating outside. It's fun to watch them make the crpes and smoothies, so consider the counter seating available that overlooks the food prep area.  Next time I have promised myself to try to their smoothies.|0|0|0
wfS1G5lrjx_SGWBuG2690g|iJMDvVg6Mgl43is4XxIKsA|4|This place is great!  I've only been here a couple times (both were in the bistro area) and I can't wait to go back.  Their dill potatoes are amazing (and I don't even like dill!).  They're a mixture of potato varieties (including sweet) cut into chunks and deep fried, served with this creamy "dill" sauce.  Out of this world.  I had the crepes of the day most recently, which were filled with beef, mushrooms, and a wine sauce, followed by the apple tart for dessert.  YUM.  I LOVE French food and this place has got my vote all the way!|4|1|3
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|PqEMzxn_7OHpqpwr0bXYkA|5|Seriously, if I had to live on a single dish from a Providence restaurant for the rest of my life, it would be Angkor's nam yaa soup with tofu and vegetables (much more flavorful and satisfying than the versions with meat, for the record). Sweet and spicy broth with delicious noodles, hefty chunks of tofu, and perfectly cooked vegetables. They call it medicine soup, and I believe it. I always feel better after I've finished my bowl.The Cambodian coffee is unusual and flavorful (I recommend trying it hot rather than ordering the standard iced coffee variation that you can get at most Thai and Vietnamese restaurants), the appetizers are delicious, the menu is quite varied (featuring Cambodian specialties as well as dishes from other countries in Southeast Asia), the prices are reasonable, and the staff is super-nice. Eat in the tiny dining room or rent out the top floor for a banquet. (I know folks who have done both.) Just don't forget the nam yaa soup, whatever you do.|0|0|0
HPDZZjKAi4vmtLEvYmk2Hw|EcWrTaZ8Low1Ot0f3nqkFA|1|Is zero stars an option?  I've used yelp fairly often to read reviews, but hadn't signed up until today.  I finally had the occasion to write a review--more of a public service announcement as I see it.  The food is bad. Really bad.  My friend threw hers away.  Just looking at it turned my stomach.  When she told the waitress it wasn't what she had expected, she got a pissy reply--not even a reluctant apology or offer of other food or discount.  My main beef is with the staff.  There is constant tension emanating from them like they just found out you cheated on them with their best friend and then killed their cat.  I figure the 20 minutes between when you order your bagel and when they bring it to you scowling is the passive-aggressive period.  Folks, it's the SERVICE industry.  VERY smart move putting the tip jar where people order their food, so they tip you before they have a chance to sample your delightful service.  I'm absolutely lost on how this place survives.  I assume it's due to poor naive first-timers and masochists.  If your cable's out and you enjoy drama, you can sit and watch the staff fight with each other behind the counter, but if you're hungry, like nice people, and are looking for a laidack cafe vibe, I'd head elsewhere.|3|2|2
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|CVCFgRbZ9MdQaJg0TE6wtQ|2|Sorry Tazza, you really put alot of effort into changing the place from a cool and confortable hangout to a sleezy hotel bar feel. Where did the stage go?  What happened to the great Open Mics that used to happen every sunday??|1|0|0
24CV8Si8DulpStT7s71Agw|46Fj-TdPlZuTvhTnNEjA0Q|5|Great little corner cafe at the bottom of college hill.  Super yummy breakfast, tunafish and all of their cafe sandies are fresh and delicious!  I love a lunch mtg downtown at this little cafe on the corner!|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|_pc-wC5PvaMLG5GycgHy6A|4|While I still had an amazing dinner the second time around, waiting 45 minutes for a bottle of wine is beyond unacceptable. The waitress apologized via a round of port, but I was kinda shocked at this level of carelessness from this awesome of a restaurant.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|BPhCgJHhw5omsMH2kLopJQ|5|Beyond excellent service. These guys have perfected efficiency and that's what I appreciate most about East Side Pockets. The Tzasiki sauce is phenominal. The small side which includes a couple pieces of Syrian bread and falafal is a lovely, cheap and filling meal unto it's self. The gyro is gy-normous!  Not to mention enough for two meals! If you are strapped for cash or just won the lottery, this is the place to eat on Thayer St.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|3xZ1FP3UEcTaaOELOjN7ZA|4|A true falafel! Fresh ingredients.... And a nice size wrap...... Ship wish I lived closer.... The vegetarian lentil soup was exploding with flavor. An|0|0|0
it9mZRfzo9DsFmddSESLbw|K90oUxDAzVAIg45piYta0Q|5|It's great if you don't mind the tiny space.  I love their red and penang curries and they give generous portions.  The Tom Kha soup is amazing as well.  Best Thai food I've found in this price range outside of Thailand!|3|0|2
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|ePN1QfRwMxCwvHRaYEQNiQ|4|Loved it!  Has a great glass of wine and a peanut butter cupcake to die for!  The house is absolutely adorable, great way to spend your afternoon.  Its a must stop while in providence!|0|0|0
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|MyN0Tr_wpXT3l9e-dPirHQ|4|The desserts are devine, as most folks know.As for dinner, it's hit and miss. I've gone many times and there's ups and downs. I think it's due to chef-in-training from Johnson & Wales.  Sometimes, the food is too salty or too over cooked.  I go after busy time so I don't have to wait and hopefully the chef will pay more attention to my order.  Most Fridays and Saturdays are the best days to go have dinner or lunch because I believe they put their best cooking staff on the busiest day.  On this specific Friday, we went to have a dinner before a movie and had the best sesame salmon steak in years!  It was cooked perfectly-moist.  The terryaki sauce was also excellent compliment to the fish.  My husband had the steak and it was cook just as he ordered medium rare and the side dishes was also very good.  Also on that day, the waiter was very attentative and friendly, just like a 5 star restuarant...I had to look around to make sure what restuarant I'm in!!  He definitely earned his big tip we left.I haven't gone back since because I want to keep the memory of this wonderful meal alive for a little longer....I would go again just because I can't enough of the desserts and pray we experience another great meal!|0|0|0
it9mZRfzo9DsFmddSESLbw|4TCOItk-gIJROyNA5ftZ-Q|4|This place is a tiny little hole-in-the-wall and my go-to Thai restaurant in the area. I have especially enjoyed the curry dishes and noodles. As other reviewers have noted, the portion sizes are not large by any means, but they are adequate for the cost. Come early if you can for dinner, the space is very limited.|0|0|0
J4lY9l9LsKWBTa49cY0-mw|rrbi3UTudtJ4FxEtyzbeog|5|This place is wonderful!  The pizza is absolutely delicious and made with super fresh ingredients.  Monday you can get half off of the margarita pizza which makes it 7.50 plus they have 3 dollar margarita drinks!  Our bill with tip was 25 bucks!  Two margarita pizzas and one margarita.  Can't beat that.  Will most definitely come back.|0|0|0
QadrDmx4k6Tl7QDz4fAWdg|kXdq_tyzV1RbgsjRLyy_yA|4|Good coffee, convenient location. Very chill vibe.|0|0|0
_BG8WroxU2JbZSij6VWx_A|3kok03ZCUKKm3CMgqC345g|4|Pretty fun place to go on a Friday night. They have live music which is always a plus. Bar tenders are friendly and relaxed. But for some reason they have an obsession with removing the tables and chairs in the place...my guess is so they can let more people in the door and not violate fire codes. Cover is usually $5 drinks are reasonably priced and good beer selection.|0|0|0
_BG8WroxU2JbZSij6VWx_A|Gy3FuIew1HG_KdkKDPBqlg|1|This place is a sham of an Irish pub. To me and irish pub should have 3 qualities. 1) Know how to pour a beer 2) Good bar food3) Tables and seating should be close to allow for a public house (where people meet to drink and talk) atmosphereI came here because I was writing an article for an online magazine on Irish pub food. When I first walked in the place had a nice vibe to it. It was dark, wood tables, hell even a dart board. I didn't like how dispersed the place was. If I wasn't thinking twice I would think I was drinking in a warehouse. They had a nice selection of beer. A large selection of Guinness fusion beers, so I order a Black and blue (Guinness and Blueberry Beer). It came out with a perfect head. So we started off on the right foot. The food was probably the worst food I've had in Providence. Maybe I'm being too harsh, but this is Providence people. Only New York City has anything on us when it comes to food. My two friends order a personal margarita pizza and the blue burger with fries. I ordered the 2 1/2 apps, fried pickles and potato cakes. The Margarita Pizza:I purchased better, much better, pizza from the freezer at my grocery store. It was as if they picked up a frozen pie and threw basil and tomato on it. It was luke warm too. The crust was the best part, but it was still a little too chewy for my tastes. (not warm doughy chewy, like dry soft chewy). Most damning of all my friend said " I could do the same thing with an Ellio's pizza."The Blue Burger:Was whatever. My friend said it was pretty dry and just came with blue cheese, no sauce no veggies. Kinda weird right? The fries needed a heavy hand of salt. I'm guessing it wasn't the worst, but not what you want to hear for a 10 dollar burger.Fried Pickles:When done right they can be the best appetizer on the menu. These had potential, the batter used was solid and crispy. The dips (horseradish and spicy mayo) were on. It was just too thick of a cut on the pickle. They were so big by the time you bite into them the middle was cool. Potato Cake:Cold disgusting gruel in pancake form. Not wasting my breath on it. Ok Ri Ra, please stop calling yourself a pub and just say "You know what I'm an Irish Themed dance club after 9 pm." I won't be back unless Ri Ra becomes a cool spot for 20 somethings. Meaning never.|1|2|1
kATS8uEAIQfeD66JypmgaQ|1VyEjgaCDGsz-OPnsIOopQ|3|Go here for great steaks - make sure to make reservations and parking arrangements|0|0|0
5Qg4di7XxZiR8RJ62hYXag|qVEmas6gFaOoRLAhLIyJmw|3|Went here again for a burger and beer..duhskies. I knocked off a star because the service is still somewhat struggling and last night, it was especially slow. The food was still spectacular but it really kills the buzz in the place when everyone is waiting on their beers and food. It looked like they were training a new person so I guess that's a glimpse into the face that they are trying to expand. I just wish they would ge things rolling a teeny bit faster.|2|0|1
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|AK5ALhxYt5fE2Jae2ywJ0w|3|Good beer selection, but a little pricey.  Bar is often crowded.|1|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|f8EfbLJg_EFFDXQ7tVmHXQ|5|I went here for the first time yesterday and I have to say, I am a fan.My friends and I split the afternoon tea, which consists of one pot of tea to share, and a platter of assorted delights, including tea sandwiches, miniature cupcakes, cookies, and a large scone to split. Everything was fresh and absolutely delicious. The "nibbles" filled me right up! My favorites were the tuna tea sandwich and the cranberry scone. (The espresso cupcake frosting was also to-die-for.) Both the English Breakfast and Pomegranate Pear teas we tried were also delicious and perfectly satisfying for a Sunday afternoon brunch.But I have to say what really makes the Duck & Bunny so magical is the ambiance and the service. The decor is adorable - cushy tufted headboards and back pillows line the walls, and ottomans are used as additional seating. Take a further look around the restaurant and you'll find the walls are hung with great works of art - with some small embellishments make them unique to D&B. Our waiter, whose name unfortunately escapes me, was attentive, cheery, and helpful when we had questions about the various items on our platter.One of the most satisfying restaurant experiences I have had in a long time!|0|0|1
HhE3mzDy2ScbkyllFYP0cQ|zoXqT7R39ooBQUxb04JTKA|3|It's okay. Prices are a bit steep for what you're getting. Taste wise I say 3/5 stars. This isn't NYC quality bagels. I highly doubt if you check it out you'll find a seat as I think there are only 4-5 seats in this tiny shop.I think this place tries too hard to be two different things. A Jewish bagel shop and a mexican joint all in one?|0|0|0
JUC2w_byPiyEbXrufEik-w|wHb0eK5x6hXLVw7-rhU5dw|1|I am an expert on pho. These people still need to figure it out.Apparently, some pho restaurants believe that they don't need to serve hoisin sauce because they think their broth is good.Too bad, your broth sucked.|3|3|1
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|Iv6Jjz2vuiEc66N47DY24A|4|This is my review of this place. Went there a few days ago.Parking is next door at the garage. I think if they validate ur ticket its free, but i didnt know so i paid $16 for 2 hours.Walked in and were seated properly. The service was excellent, our waiter was the employee of the month, as the award was posted at the entrance, so we probably received the best service in the house.Appetizers were Oysters which were fresh and tasty and not expensive compared to other places in the area. Bacon wrapped scallops were awesome with ginger soy sauce.I tried the seafood casserole which is one of their specialties. I personally didnt like it too much, but i should have not ordered it, as i'm not crazy about casseroles. But i'm sure someone else would have loved it and seemed fresh.Ambience is good, they have a casual loud area and a low key , low lighting area in the back. Spacious, big windows towards the ouside.Overall it was a good dining experience|1|0|0
wfS1G5lrjx_SGWBuG2690g|gYdAvlDqvq-KmAx2IEuqzQ|5|This place is, in a word, delicious! We went with a large group, the service was excellent, as was the wine, but the real star was the food. A small simple salad with blue cheese started things off, followed by steak frites, possibly the cheapest thing on the menu, that was cooked to perfection, with Bearnaise on the side, and the dill potatoes were yum. Easily the best creme brulee I have ever had. I honestly cannot wait to go back with my husband.  Very romantic spot.|1|0|0
IL96KSxK3ov1m-1WQV8MLQ|9aIPSfVYbVuZsAimywh-QA|4|loved it, nice coffee drinks and snacks, lots of comfy seats, nice staff.....|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|Ij-8mgtekng7NSdlhA4EzA|3|I've only eaten here once so this isn't a comprehensive review. Went for lunch with coworkers and was seated right away. Drink orders taken right away. Service was fair but not super. I was done with my soda half way through my meal and didn't get asked if I wanted another one until my plate was empty and being cleared. A really nice touch though is that they give you a carafe of ice water for you table. I wish more places did that. I had the Pepe which was terrific. The pastrami was kind of drowned out by everything else on the burger but it was a great mix of flavors. Cooked just right. Maybe they have a different chef during the day? I like the buttered and grilled roll. Regular fries were good and crispy. It's nice that they come in a little mini bath tub and not a mountain that you feel compelled to eat. Coworker's gorgonzola tots were ok but I wouldn't want a whole side of them. Tried a bite of my other coworkers asian fried chicken which was decent. Nice crispy batter and typical sweet hot dipping sauce. Nothing to write home about but there was a lot of it. Bottom line. I would go back. Friday and Sat nights they have a DJ which I've heard can be a little overwhelming but haven't experienced it myself. I'd go back if I was in the mood. Maybe that tuna burger next time...|0|0|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|ZBx4G7WYHtAMJF7BP4FdPQ|4|If heaven has a smell -- I suspect it smells like fresh baked bread and pastries.  Therefore, it smells like the wave of goodness that comes over you when you open the door to Olga's.  The smell is intoxicating and the bread does not disappoint.  They are light, but not feathery.  I love the rosemary rolls most.  Prices are a little high -- but given the artisan nature of all the items, I am willing to support the breads and pastries.  Brunch is pricey.  Decent sized dining room with WiFi makes it a solid meeting spot or a place to work outside the office.  Parking is all on the street -- but if you are lucky, you can find a meter-free spot in front of Rick's Roadhouse.|0|0|1
wKaal1Y4D9DIJPkHVNyP_A|2nx9RhS7-p9RleFt-3Yk9A|4|My partner and I went here with his Dad and Step-Mom.  His father was born in Italy and loves real Italian food, and he got it at Bacaro.  We did a sampling of meats and cheeses that were mouthwatering and a great start to the meal.  The wine we ordered was priced reasonably and absolutely wonderful (good enough to order a second bottle).  The entrees were absolutely superb.  We ordered the Cioppino, Bolognese, a pasta dish with Brussell Sprouts and the Scallops.  They came out hot and delicious.  My partner, a self-proclaimed Bolognese, aficionado, is still raving about the dish.  His Dad asked for more bread so he could soak up every last drop of the delicious sauce from the Cioppino.  The scallops were done to perfection and the pasta was complex and wonderful.  The menu said that the Cioppino included all locally sourced seafood, including shrimp.  My father-in-law was curious about local shrimp, and when none appeared in the dish, he questioned the server, just out of curiosity and the server retreated to the kitchen.When he returned to the table, a bit embarrassed he shared the chef forgot to add the shrimp and that he would be bringing us an apology....and shortly a gorgeous display of the most delicious hand made chocolates appeared.  We were not complaining, just curious.  The service was outstanding....if you go there ask for Andy.  He was attentive, knowledgeable and very friendly!I will be back for sure...|0|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|yrqzt5IeOGQ3xa98vZQ0xw|1|That is one of the worst bars in Providence. I was once ignored by the bartender there for 15 minutes upon arrival (I stayed just to see how long it would last) while she chatted with the only 2 other people in the bar. Even when I have gone with a couple of friends and the place is almost empty, the bartenders seem to make a real effort to avoid serving anyone they don't know. I guess it is cool to only treat your regulars nicely, and that seems to work for them, but not for me. It is also too loud and filled with hipsters who give dead stares to anyone they do not recognize. And if I remember correctly, they are all drinking Schlitz, which is not cool, just gross.|1|1|0
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|gJktmdKjVdCQgST4AZaKTQ|3|Not the best, good enough generals chicken and delivery is fast.  If you dont expect to be blown away this place will do fine.  No complaints.|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|Vw8rTx1fDlxxCAIFH6kZDQ|5|Living in Providence was all about this place for me. I moved across the country five years ago and I STILL think about the food here! If only they did delivery by teleportation... My favorite dish was the Aloo Mattar (potatoes and peas in a tomato-based sauce). The portions were always plenty, the price is reasonable. There's a reason why you see people waiting for what seems like a long time - it's worth it!|0|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|x5CMZDlNRZgwpliJy63SIw|2|Here comes a quick-n-simple review.Small place nestled on cute little Wickenden Street, sits Sakura Restaurant.I've dined here several times and finally got tired of the b.s.Here's why... Good food, decent prices.  HORRENDOUS service.  The second you sit down, a menu is thrown at you.  60 seconds later they want to know what you want to order.  You send them away asking for more time.  30 seconds later, they're back.  It's a fun little game they like to play, called "let's be as rude as we possibly can."I don't like that game, so I don't go back to play.|0|3|0
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|foiJACiCJsjt0_f7LbL_Gw|3|The building is small, the parking is a pain, but the food is really, really good. A little expensive for a sandwich shop but I will definitely be back for the two  on tuesdays if that deal is still going on!|0|0|0
YwHAVxQyHC3NekG8wUTtew|Yhotyln7QiqpPOfNij2LEw|3|I've always managed to find myself at Blake's Tavern for one reason or another. It's pretty dive-y. The carpet is old and you can tell that it probably hasn't changed much since it'd opened. Still there is some charm to this.There is dining and a larger back area. I believe you can rent it out for events. I gave Blake's 3 stars because although I've been here a bajillion times, it's never truly WOW'd me. It's a place to go. And depending on the day you might get a bartender that can get your drink made right.|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|wxHOzamRYPFtGnYpHiJ2aw|5|Excellent, small batch coffee... best coffee in town.  As for pastries, not a bad selection but impressive.|1|0|1
Wd9p_AlZTnN6pBHmT9YemQ|VM-n8b2PFw9EbrnsneUEzg|4|My husband and I went to Jackie's for our anniversery.  We had a wonderful lunch. The calamari appetizer was delicious. One of the best parts of the meal. I had the sushi platter.  The presentation was spectacular and the fish very fresh.  My husband had the pad thai with beef which was very good.  The waiter was very attentive and the view overlooked water-fire.  My biggest complaint is that the website says the restraunt is open at 11am on Sat. When we arrived at 12pm the sign on the door listed the hours as 3pm to 11pm.  My husband tried the door anyway and the restraunt was open.  They really need to fix that sign.|0|0|0
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|BoRDC7m0JP1pm1OapkDG7A|3|Came here for a 2nd slice of za after hitting up nice slice across the street =) First off, I was overwhelmed by the variety of pizza they offered.  They had some crazy combos such as tortellini pizza and za with tortilla chips on top?!?! I went with the pesto, spinach, and mushroom slice.  I was afraid it would be bland because of the spinach, but it had a nice flavor to it.As for the nice slice/antonio's comparison? Nice slice edges out antonio's.  And if you see the overall yelp star rating for each place, you'll see that my fellow yelpers agree.  However, I AM intrigued about the burritos here at Antonio's.  That's gotta be some good drunk food.|0|0|1
8S7RKI8swuq8V-4ZN9cDvQ|yi4tHIAXXgRHRDmOMreJQg|1|This place sucks.  They don't have any options, the meat looked a few days old, there were bugs inside the restaurant, and I had to pay extra for guacamole.  I really hope the burrito looks better coming out than going in.  It''s really too bad I had to give it at least one star.  Oh, and I got serious diarrhea after.  The best part of my experience at Chipotle was seeing some idiot who was wearing a safari hat tip and fall on the sidewalk.|0|1|0
SWwP5Na6Z_-rrrt7z0yVmQ|k-PdDyHQ5fIVrBay-hFIJQ|5|Banana cream pop was great!Chocolate pop was delicious too!The pops are good and not too sweet.|0|0|0
YwHAVxQyHC3NekG8wUTtew|a9GyFHluLqSAxrUiy5bCSw|4|Roaming the Providence Place Mall can really work up one's appetite, but the food court is rather small.  So my friend and I braved the cold and walked a few blocks toward the theater where we happened upon Blake's.  It looked pretty inviting from the outside (ie. warm!) with a nice, big bar and a few tables.  The posted menu looked to have the usual pub fare with some decent entrees at reasonable prices so we ventured inside.  I was a little surprised when the host asked if we had reservations because there were about 10 tables, but then we were ushered through a small dining area, another bar area, and into a third dining room (I think there is yet another room too).  This warm, cozy, bar turned out to be a regular labyrinth!  The tap selection was good but not huge.  They do have the typical Sam and Sam seasonal and Guinness (among others), which is all I really wanted.  We each had a beer and a wrap sandwich.  I had the chicken fajita wrap which was packed with moist, tender chicken.  Of course, I had the cole slaw which was very obviously homemade.  It was good but could have spent another night in the fridge.  The sweet potato fries were fresh cut and crisp.  The service here is outstanding.  Our waitress was great and we were greeted by every staff member we saw as we were making our way out.  And it's a long, winding way to the front door!  If you are planning to stop by, I do recommend making a reservation.  We got there around 4:30 on a Saturday but fully 3/4 of the tables were reserved.  Judging by overheard conversations, most of those reservations were for regulars.  If I lived closer I'd be a regular here too!|0|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|-8XzsTFXJz7kESW_ir3KGg|2|I've been here at least three times now. The crepes are all right. The service is not just bad, it ruined my last experience.The grill is open to the store, so you can see and hear everything that's going on. This latest time, the owner (?) bitched out the cook every five minutes for some real or imagined slight, including mispronouncing my name. He bitched at us for putting our coats on an empty seat. He not only bitched at people who sat down before they ordered, he stopped what he was doing to outright yell at them. If they weren't hung over into submission, they probably would have left (after that treatment, why wouldn't you?). Granted, the store was packed and the weekend is when he makes he money, but that's no way to treat people.Also, the crepes at Mr. Crepe in Davis Square are better.|2|0|0
wKaal1Y4D9DIJPkHVNyP_A|9jOiY84_hTvRpvIbEeUkyQ|1|i have been a professional chef for 30 yrs; i am very picky about all aspects of the restnt dining experience. Last night we ate at bacaro for the first time and we will not be returning. The reason is that , after an expensive evening of very good food (pastas $24+,entrees $30-35) the owner chose to have a very unpleasant and rather vicious 40 minute show down with us over six dollars which we believed we were overcharged, based on our previous communications with our server.i have never had an experience like this in all my years of dining out.  have you ever met a public business owner who just should not be interfacing with the public? well, that's what we encountered last night. With a very intentional smirk, she walked away from our final bill reckoning with the words ' I'm sorry you found out that we are NOT the right place for you.'!!  there are too many good restaurants in Providence with very professional and welcoming maitre ds and servers (and owners) and excellent food; so we see no reason to return to bacaro. I really feel for the chef there and hope he will find another good spot to showcase his talent , with a supportive and positive boss.|0|2|0
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|kxXd2El7B4GTf97OILggWw|4|Yay! I've never been disappointed in this place, good food, yummy cheesecake. Sometimes there is a sucky wait, but its always worth it.|1|0|0
t0CBd_dgyztTvUkGX5fPBg|ziL8chrxFpGtA0oFQNUrwQ|3|Decent bagels, got them mid-afternoon on a rainy Sunday, and the guy suggested getting them toasted as he alluded to the fact that they may not be the freshest. Well, the jalepeno cream cheese and chive cream cheese made up for the mediocre bagels. The cream cheeses were unbelievable. The place was crowded even at an off hour in bad weather. I'll go back early morning next time to get the "proper" experience.|0|0|0
pZnk9tKEHrEIHq0NfSzXRA|ylqULmksKDA__qlOIfv0nw|5|From the 5 other people waiting outside at 5:55 p.m. for Flan y Ajo to open, to the free pinball, to the sweet wooden holsters that held our BYO wine, to the food, I cannot WAIT to return to Flan y Ajo.  We loved everything we ate, and the bill for 3 ended up at 70 dollars after rounds and rounds of food.My favorites were: the Patatas Bravas, cheese plate, boquerones, the sauteed mushrooms. The cod dumplings were also good.My only wish is that they had brought bread by more often, but the three folks at the tapas bar are working hard for their money every night.  The atmosphere is wonderful; I felt transported to Europe and did not want to leave, even though we stayed for close to 3 hours.|3|0|3
P2r5tl57DWK5AcZ_GiSvWg|mDBoVkVJ7Hvc8sOp8Ww9yw|4|Ordered 3 compliacted pizzas (one of us is vegan). Did it over the phone since the website wasn't working properly. Very friendly staff. Order came quick. Food was hot made very well. Tasted even better. Too bad it's so expensive!|1|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|4kfh9P67pFsAAOVmvX3NoQ|4|Good pizza. I personally think new York can take their thin crust and shove it where the sun don't shine by this is good pizza. My biggest complaint is that after I eat an entire large pizza I should be full not thinking about what I want to eat afterwards. But at least it's tasty and the staff is funny and pleasant.|1|0|0
0cYGdh3BVnIiLxPB88fEUg|ocyxolT7xHUoYaByE7PUMA|5|This place is great! It's like a nicer, cleaner version of your typical fried clam shack, but with amazing restaurant quality soups. You can do the all-you-can-eat soup bar for $5 or order all your fried seafood favorites. All of the soups can be purchased, in bulk, to take home too.|0|0|0
_5I5EOg495_sYuYI0Iy7YQ|SwVqXFmnWh6TDKCEba_Bcg|2|I usually don't review chains or fast food, but I wanted to add this to my list of grab-and-go lunches in Providence. I'm sure I don't have to go into detail about the food at ABP - it's the same everywhere. It's a bit better than Subway but not as good as Panera. The employees here give about the same amount of shit as the employees at Subway though. ::shrug:: You could do worse.|1|0|0
-_FvwOM3_wku2zHiLjibgg|Dz9SC3EWncE6LHKG82feWA|4|Held a business dinner here last night and I was every bit as impressed as I hoped to be.  Food. The portions were huge and the food looked and tasted amazing! Grilled pizza appetizer was delicious. The salad was very very good. Perfectly dressed. I ordered the salmon, a ton of flavor and cooked to perfection with sticky rice, bok choy and asparagus tempura.The staff was very friendly and attentive. Drinks were prompt.Ambiance is perfect for a social gathering (quiet), a romantic evening (by the river in the outdoor patio) or a social dinner I would highly recommend Cafe Nuovo!|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|F1rIfM1lVvpeaOxOe9D3ZQ|4|I was told sooo much about this place!The environment is high end comfy.Service is great.Menu greatI wasnt blown away by the dishes, but the peach pie dessert sure had me dreaming it again.Dish i had was a bit too spicy in my taste.Otherwise, a must eat at place for seafood and great desserts!|0|0|0
lSS24T_8LX_Ucq8YXZpdHg|Wbwv4at33RscYwinLrxA4A|3|This place gets 1 star for being a five minute walk from my boyfriend's place. When his fridge is empty, its easy to run on over and grab some greasy food. The decor in here is pretty non-existent. They do have a television which is normally showing some kind of football game, so you can space out. Its probably better to get your food to go. I admit I've only had their wings and fried mozzarella cheese sticks, so I don't know if anything else on the menu is good. The wings are deep fried, crispy, and covered in your choice of about 16 different sauces. Pretty standard, but its hard to mess up deep fried stuff. $6.79 for 10pc. wings Other menu items include chicken wraps, sandwiches, burgers, chili dogs, popcorn shrimp, jumbo clam roll, chili cheese fries, and salads (if you consider a salad to be made of something out of beans, potatoes, or pastas)|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|Yhotyln7QiqpPOfNij2LEw|3|Tazza's new renovation make puts it in another category of "upscale". This isn't bad, just.... different. Good ambiance, decent food, medium/high prices, and good service. They offer "Movies on the Block" on thursday evenings during the summer across the street at the park.|0|0|0
2fTayx8rmxVAz23BSVH1aA|QwSxQyv5GkfDFXuoLdP9Gw|5|I love this place, I wish I still order there as much as I used to...but I guess that's not too good for my wallet. I cannot venture to ordering anything else because my one and only order is always the brown bag lunch-comes with a sandwich, cookie and drink for about $10.The sandwich that I must always order is the BBT, bacon, basil & tomato on honey oat bread. Absolutely fabulous!|0|0|0
lSS24T_8LX_Ucq8YXZpdHg|MecPyIV5QaA6Ml63v_YrWA|1|The wings and sauce were decent, but we're served with carrot pieces instead of celery.  The carrots didn't complement the wing flavors at all.|0|0|0
e3OqPQ6ayfhIXI04FXy3Ig|FxoJmiYX0MAOB_o0Ukrr5g|4|Before I moved to Providence, I had to look up the Froyo variety at hand. I put all my stock in that other froyo place, imagining myself loading Captain Crunch and sprinkles onto my yogurt. Depressed by the quality of the yogurt, I wandered down the street to find Juniper.Away went my froyo anxiety and in came amazing yogurt. The texture is smooth, the tart is just right, and the staff are all extremely friendly. Sure, I wish the prices were akin to Yogurt Land, but looking past the dollar dollar bills factor this place is fantastic.|2|0|2
nWu8OljDYmLfbLQqcfW9Sw|088SkMN7Hjn2vK2MEUfc3Q|5|I had an impressive dinner here with some work colleagues. I think we were all surprised at the quality of the dinner and dessert.I ordered a noodle-based bibimbap dish, which I thoroughly enjoyed. The real winners, though were the desserts.The bingsoo was probably the best thing I ate when I was in Providence -- shaved ice, green tea ice cream, red bean paste... what's not to like? It all blended together wonderfully.The attached coffee bar was also a bonus; the cappuccino I ordered was the size of my head.I'd definitely recommend this place for folks looking for a delicious low-key dinner in downtown Providence.|2|0|1
1-WF9A4i-0fI8XxCFbqrTA|-Ecm_cRLt4WI9r0P9fBGeQ|4|I went back to Rick's about a month ago, this time for drinks. It never dawned on me that Rick's is just a few blocks from JWU and a good place to go out at night.This was my most entertaining night out in a while. One guy at a table next to mine decided the song that had just come on the jukebox was the greatest song he's ever heard and would express his excitement by dancing on the stools at the table. The bartender must have thought he was the best dancer she's ever seen and invited him to dance on the bar instead of the stools. He did his little strut on the bar until the song was done then climbed down. But of course, that's not the end of the story.Two songs later, the guy decides that THIS is the best song ANYONE has ever heard and starts dancing on the bar again. His audience has grown since the last show and one of the bartenders joins him on the bar. They're dancing and strutting, nothing too challenging. Some random guy at the end of the bar decides people should see something a little more impressive. He climbs up on the bar and grabs a pole running form the bar to the ceiling and hold his body out parallel to the bar. Pretty impressive. Back to the dancing guy... The song's over and the bartender is pours a shot of Jack down his throat. Time to get off the bar... (Can you see where this is going?) Most of the stools around the bar are taken so, the rational thinker that he is, he decides to jump off the bar onto the floor. His dismount and flight through the air were fairly graceful but the landing was an epic fail. It's not clear what went wrong. Did he land on someone foot? Was the floor slippery? Did he suddenly forget how to land a fall from a height of four feet? The cause may not be clear but the result was painfully obvious. His feet hit the floor and he collapsed in a pile knocking over a couple stools in the process. Trying to pull himself up, he nearly pulled our table down to the floor with him. His friend comes over and they reach the conclusion that I'm sure you've figured out by now -- our dancer broke his leg. As the dancer was being carried out in his friend's arms, I knew I'd be drinking at Ricks as much as I could from then on.|2|5|2
2fTayx8rmxVAz23BSVH1aA|uYqpUIjos0puuar__elBkw|2|Such promise and such great reviews that I had to skip on over to the Jewelry District one morning for a little breakfast with my honey.  While cute it its design, there was no music playing which made for awkwardly clankery coming from the kitchen and a few scattered tables of silent diners.  Counter to my personality, I followed suit and was mums the word. Breakfast was BLAND.  Egg scramblers are served on your choice of bagel, croissant, or crepe - nice, right, love the creativity, but the crepe was inedible.   Baked goods look old and lifeless.  I was hungry almost immediately after leaving.  Sorry Rue-Bis, I so thought this could have been the start of a new relationship.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|FXW16a1QddonpF-h3NtxPg|4|I had my wife and her sisters research this place while we were driving around in the car; another Yelp recommendation.This place was super crowded around lunch time. In my eyes they must be doing something right. Even though it is crowded, and the line is long, they manage to get your food to you in no time.  The Grape Leaves, and Hummus we ordered for appetizers were really really good!! Better than some fancy Mediterranean restaurants that I've been to. I ordered the combo platter with Chicken and Lamb. Man that had to be one good stuffed pocket. Good thing we walked around Providence after.|1|0|1
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|VqSFTE5f-mDzoLeXS-16xw|4|The first time I went here my mom and I both exclaimed that these were the best margaritas we have ever had.  The food was pretty good too.  The one thing I'm not a fan of is the salsa.  They have two choices: mild or hot.  if you want medium, they just mix the two together.  Both are a little gritty.|1|0|1
1u5tSUPGO213ZX0WBj0uxQ|M__lfv-IoF5A73Bn8QlcVA|2|It was hard to tell what was so gourmet about this place.  It was just ordinary.|0|0|0
kATS8uEAIQfeD66JypmgaQ|FYck3w3oayuadxxJ1ul6BA|5|If I could afford to eat here weekly, I would.  Their food, service and ambience are the best around, hands down.  The sweet potato casserole is one of the best foods I have ever eaten - anywhere - and I'm not a person that usually eats sweet potatoes in any form.  The steaks are amazing, always perfectly done as requested.  After an unfortunate incident where my first wedding anniversary dinner was ruined due to neglectful seating and service, the manager and staff more than made up for it in every way possible during subsequent meals, including one on the house.  Also, their speciality cocktails are well thought out, well presented and absolutely spectacular.|0|0|1
_BG8WroxU2JbZSij6VWx_A|-9-JsNrNYIt5PzLLA4lnUQ|3|We went here for dinner on a Saturday night, and were able to get seated right away. The menu was okay, decent selection of 'Irish' dishes. While we ate, it became very very loud in the dining room due to the bar area which seemed to be the place to be. We stayed for a few drinks, but all in all the place it was just 'so-so'.|1|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|VFkzf-g8NqJj402sE433kA|4|i've only been here for brunch so it's all i'm allowed to review.great brunch buffet! tons of options that are breakfasty and lunchy. service is average but you serve yourself so it's no big deal. food is decent. it's convenient and a great place to take some visiting relatives!|0|0|0
-93uBoiVyQ2ZPABERT621w|ziL8chrxFpGtA0oFQNUrwQ|3|I like the atmosphere here... it's a nice looking place, and the crowd is not like many of the downtown bars with barely legal girls, running around in almost no clothing. It's a little more "mature". However, the bartender was not the most welcoming I've met, though she changed her tune 1/2way through our experience, trying to be more pleasant... The grilled pizza was great.|0|0|0
87LNZTmU2KXPnC-ZyN0mYg|jiwCEM5wwwYLk7p6sJR2Og|5|We went to visit my daughter at Brown U and we found this little Korean eatery on Thayer. We've had the best Korean food here at the Bay Area and this one compares to most of them, except they don't have the chicken wings Soban serves. I could not believe how reasonable their prices were. We ordered the kimchi fried rice, hot stone beef bibimbap, miso soup (complimentary), chicken wings, and bulgogi. They were all delcious and servings were pretty reasonable. We had some kimchi fried rice left for my daughter to take home and we were all stuffed, all four of us!!!The chicken wings!!! ahhhh!! I want more! it was crunchy and the sauce, oh my, the sauce - sweet, spicy and a little salty - it was PERFECT! My daughter and her friend will definitely be a regular at this place.|1|1|1
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|gVFxZMcuG_Tal2_TnpmUPg|2|I am UNIMPRESSED. I was so hopeful for this place. I spent too long in the south, and now have this visceral need for BBQ. A new BBQ place opening is like a magnet for my stomach.And yet....We ordered takeout the first time, some pulled pork and some brisket. There was no barbeque sauce. Let me repeat that: NO SAUCE. It was bone-dry, supposedly-barbequed meat. And since there was no sauce, it was painfully obvious that this is both not a place using quality meat (very fatty, lots of gristly bits, kind of variable done-ness) and not a place with a very advanced barbeque technique. No dry rub, probably no marinade either.... just not impressive.The sides were meh, except for the cornbread. The cornbread was WRONG. It was sweet. You CANNOT have a sweet Southern-style cornbread. That's not how it goes, guys. Maybe I should try the chili, or the seitan sandwiches, since that seems to be what everyone raves about - but I want a freaking BBQ place to have good BBQ!Extra special fail? Discounts for Brown students, but not for other colleges in the area.|1|0|1
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|VtGA0DZBJqwFpGqwxQpLbw|2|Great tiny burger bar. All they have is sliders with a lot of flavor for not having much beef. If I want a burger I want BEEF. This place is more of an appetizer place.|0|0|0
-_FvwOM3_wku2zHiLjibgg|drUGE2WBdh5TBP-0AvHxhw|3|Most suitable for : business lunchesLocation : awesome. Take 22C downtown exit, bang your first left and you've got the easiest restaurant location in Providence, with a $6 parking lot fee if you're lazy and want to be parked right next to the front entrance. Don't forget to give the parking lot guy a big smile : he'll remember you for life .. (trust me from experience!)Service : Decent but slow. They're trained to give you the specials and make sure your drinks are filled, but the kitchen takes longer than you would hope for. Took 30 mins to get our appetizers on 2/17/11Food : tasty, fresh, and good selection of meat, fish and vegetarian meals. I had the special tunafish sandwich yesterday, and loved the addition of capers & onions, with a nice crusted bread to go with it. Served with either regular fries or sweet potato fries.The table ordered Greek appetizers and calamari. The sauces they are both served with are delectable and prep your appetite for the main course. Best time to go : summer when you can take advantage of the outdoor patio alongside the river. I also have alot of friends who need accessible restaurants : they won't be able to make it outside, but a table near the entrance works perfectly. There are plenty of handicapped spots in the front of the building as well.|1|0|1
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|V9ijc32JRXUtCEIJ3iTDuQ|4|Antonio's is a creative pizza lover's dream.  If memory serves, the menu says they can make something insane like 400 different pizzas.  Really, though, imagination is the only limit.  The slices are generously sized, the toppings range from the traditional to the totally far out, and everything I've tried there has been delicious.  The staff can be a little "zonked out," but they are friendly.  I left my bag there once and when I called a few hours later to ask if they had it I felt a little like I was in Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure, but they did find it and saved it for me and were cool about it.I heard a rumor that there is another branch of Antonio's in Champaign, Illinois, and I will be checking that out next time I am there.  And when I return to Providence, lunch at Antonio's will be a MUST!|1|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|B8WzDzRTryAgw6K57mSaZQ|4|Tried this place last week. There was a line, but it was moving quite fast. There service was friendly, the place is clean. I ordered the Kafta Kabob Pocket, made with ground beef with middle eastern seasoning, plus hummus. It was delicious, I am a big fan of hummus and grape leaves stuffed with rice, parsley, onions & other spices. Yes, I recommend this place, if you want good food, good price and if you are on the go.|0|0|0
1M5pHJqGLL_-t74M37uQ0Q|mC9ycQTEF3fHvcS3eejWTg|5|Hands down my favorite restaurant in Providence, and one of my favorites in the world! What is there possibly to complain about? They have valet parking so it makes for easy transportation as long as you don't drink too much...which is easy to do with the great cocktails and wine and beer selection! The Cool Cucumber is delicious, but my favorite is a special drink that have sometimes called the Black & White Cosmo! Everything is always delicious! I typically get one of the specials, but I have ordered from the menu too. I typically start with the Parkside Salad (simple but delicious). I typically order a fish or rotisserie dish. I've never had anything I didn't like there! But you must, must, MUST get at least one of their tarts. My favorite is the banana, but they're all delicious! It's best to order them early on as they take a long time to prepare. The Velvety Flourless Torte is also delicious and gluten-free!|1|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|hKPiT-3OcRJzP12ppwK9iw|2|When this place first opened I really enjoyed going - but as time has gone on I am more and more disappointed.  Many times you go and they are having a "function" meaning no place to sit.  This has happened to me 4 times now.  I went a few weeks ago when my niece came to Providence, and I thought she would enjoy the restaurant.  We were seated quickly, but after that the service was almost nonexistent.  We ordered our food and after about 30 minutes we got our appetizer.  Another couple came in and had their lunch in 10 minutes.  When we asked the waiter he made some excuse that the computer wasn't sending orders back.  The place wasn't that busy and he could have easily seen we had been waiting had he bothered to check.  I enjoy the food, but not the best I've had, cupcakes seem stale many times.  Not sure if I will return - bad service isn't what I'm looking for.  We each got a free cupcake for our wait (over 2 hours there) - not sure that was worth it!|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|Ay2fd521w-dAJbrHKAx6Cw|4|This was a great Indian restaurant.  One of my favorites thus far.  They had vegan items on menu, could substitute tofu for cheese in paneer, and would make the food spicy hot upon request.  The food was delicious, fresh, and was not heavy with oil; quite refreshing. The service was good too.  I definitely would go back.|0|0|0
ILLYK1PwY2F5c__Dhycopw|Sn3eL3QR8Hf4yDJIuuyNQQ|5|This review is only for the weekday $18 lunch special. The 3 course combos are prepared elegantly. Loved the lobster roll. Itself will cost $18 in most other restaurants. The soup/salad/sides are also nicely prepared. Service was fast. You can also let them know if you are in a hurry and they can make sure you get your food and finish the lunch in 40 min. Highly recommended.|0|0|0
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|BuC9XytuFDp2HUYLGqBisw|3|Maybe it is just me and maybe it is what I ordered, but I found this place to not be all that it is hyped to be.  I was catching a fri train recently and stopped by mama kims in kennedy plaza for lunch.I ordered a chicken slider and the sweet potato fries.  The slider was tasty and a good portion. It had a nice authentic korean taste and came on a tasty bun.  The sweet potato fries, while cooked to order(took a long time) were not my favorite thing in the world.  I found them to be too sweet and I was not expecting the sticky sweet sauce on them.  The people running the truck were friendly, but be prepared that this is not a quick food truck (they cook to order)|0|0|0
it9mZRfzo9DsFmddSESLbw|mjkqYTie6toPuX5M-nx4Fw|4|I have high Thai expectations. Having frequented Wondee Siam, what I consider to be the BEST Thai in NYC, I have a fairly picky palate for Thai cuisine. Sawaddee really meets my expectations head on and surpasses them in certain respects.First of all, I absolutely hate it when Asian American restaurants are overly greasy, grossly disorganized, and full of MSG. The taste at Sawaddee is clean, appropriately fried, and carefully seasoned. The Thai fried rice is made with a very high-end Jasmine rice, and the Pad See Ew is made with extremely fresh and well-cooked rice flour. They even have a "create your own" Thai noodle soup which is COMPLETELY exciting because most American Thai restaurants fail to produce a really authentic big bowl noodle soup--something I absolutely crave on a regular basis.The ambience is really cute and homey too. The restaurant is in an old house off Hope Street, front door preserved with classic New England architecture. The space inside is pretty small, but appropriately spaced with seating and capable of entertaining larger parties up to 8-10 if tables are arranged as such.I'm a fan.I'm glad there's a solid Thai option when I need my flat noodle fix.|5|0|1
9H1o-FdVnFrwKDDqTB5oBA|gKwbQjTY1SSyjtor4kTCeQ|3|Let me start off with saying its not the best but not the worst i've had either. What I ordered was the "cowboy burger" which is the standard patty, fried onions, cheese, bacon and BBQ sauce. It was good and cooked perfectly however the meat itself could use some flavor.The patty tasted like it was held together with egg and it was played with abit much. (When making a burger if you play with the meat it will not be juicy it will be firm and taste almost like a meat-ball.) But what can I say, the wait-staff was friendly, they cooked the burger perfect and the fries were hand-cut. Also the price was extremely fair for the quality of food.Not to sure if I would go back, maybe if I was in the area but I would not specifically drive there. Not a fan but not bad.|1|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|sjmwWTxnApV9OC26JsrnmA|5|PUMPKIN PANCAKES!!!!!!! Try them. Love them.|0|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|Mm7yR3DDtIKKZY9vOzFz-w|3|The sandwiches at Meeting Street aren't something I'd eat at the time.  Nothing wrong or terrible about them, just not my favorite.But, the monster sized cookies are the bomb bomb biggy.   Definitely worth the 5 bucks in my book.   I always hit them up when I'm in Providence to score a cookie.  Better if you have someone to share with, but I'll have one either way.|0|0|0
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|-FlV4qnOOAphPgbGDgI8pA|5|Yum yum yum! I love this place. Whether we sit down or get take out the food is so good. I haven't tried that much on the menu since I usually only get sushi or sashimi but that is very tastey!|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|-Ecm_cRLt4WI9r0P9fBGeQ|4|I've been here a few times now. It's hard to mess up an build your own burger. All the ingredients are quality and you can get just about anything on your burger including pulled pork. Pretty ridiculous and amazing at the same time. Also ridiculously amazing: one of your french fry options is gorgonzola tater tots. Now that the weather's getting warmer i need to go back to try some of their alcoholic milkshakes. If I'm remembering correctly, they have a mint chocolate chip one -- that's got my name written all over it.|0|0|0
A6dVeZf0ZKgOqKxB7y0F0w|1YwqBzvZLmV3XQ5vrcE6DQ|1|This place is so bad you have to think that any 5 star review is by the owners or their agents. Disorganized ordering procedure, way over priced, mediocre burgers, skimpy portion on the fries. Seriously, go to Wendy's if you want to a low end burger. Good burgers? Try Tazza (when the re-open) or make a pilgrimage to Bartley's Burger in Harvard Square, mecca for high fat delivered via beef.|0|1|0
VmWymzt1wSYtjpm6oDXFjA|IpyuGwBAe3xyE8rlfTpjEA|4|I came here on a Friday night with a large group (14 people) as part of a Meetup event.  I had the massaman curry with chicken (my usual Thai choice) and it lived up to my standards.  I also had a few appetizers, such as the curry puffs and pakarang rolls.Most of the people in my group were happy with their food, except for one woman who really didn't like the dish she had ordered -- something with scallops and eggplant.The menu had a good amount of variety in terms of the entrees, but only about 6 appetizer choices.  There is a full bar.  The service was pretty good, although we had to call over the waiter a few times with that large of a group.I was able to park right across the street (bonus!), although my understanding is that the area is usually pretty packed.|2|0|2
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|BIr_PrkwfULwVaXLAK5P3w|5|GREAT food! My husband and I went here today during our first trip to Providence, RI, and we LOVED it! I ordered the vegetarian platter for one and he had the green beans/carrots/onions stew. Everything was fresh and flavorful. Beyond the delicious food, the prices were reasonable, especially considering the huge amount of food you get (AND the insane prices for Ethiopian food in NYC). We would definitely come here again.|0|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|BeJeIEpaLR_amvSQVrk_dQ|3|I was unsure on how many stars to give this place and I'm going to keep my reasoning short and sweet...THE CREPES ARE DELICIOUS BUT THE SERVICE BLOWS.|1|3|2
Dn-6ZmMqHW_ATU1I-nrNjw|v2mdlP25qQyGm7d694rw2Q|5|Great Italian Restaurant come here at least once a month.|0|0|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|wM3CIcnrbz4g10Dd-1Jzlw|4|I had dinner here Friday night.  We arrived early and were waiting on a few people in our party so we hit the bar.  Quick, friendly service and delicious Stoli Doli's.  Those things are dangerous.We had reservations for 7:30 and our table was ready right on time.  Started out with apps - two dozen oysters and sesame seared yellow fin tuna.  Delicious.  We got 2 different types of oysters, both local and yummy.  Tuna was great as well.For dinner I ordered the seafood casserole.  So damn good but filling.  Probably best to split with someone else.  After apps, salad, drinks, etc. It's a bit much.  But of course I ate the whole thing because I am an idiot.  I had a bite of someone's robster mac and cheese which rocked.Our server was a nice young guy.  He was knowledgeable, quick, friendly and could deal with 8 of us constantly asking for more drinks, napkins, pepper, parm cheese, etc. etc.  I would definitely return.  One night a week they have deal for $1 oysters I think.|2|0|0
_BG8WroxU2JbZSij6VWx_A|O9oRSlng92w43FDHrbI_YA|4|Cool bar and the live bands on the weekends are pretty good.  It can get really crowded, so get there early.  The food is not that great, so I don't recommend eating there.  I had the Crab Cake Caesar Salad a couple years back....ehh not that good.  Maybe they have changed their menu recently, so look elsewhere for a review on thei food.|0|0|1
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|rVrsWTJHyUeNOwHmozpGkQ|4|LOVE the ambiance and decor. The waitstaff was super nice and low-key, and the atmosphere was generally friendly. My friend and I split the grilled cheese with ham, which was true, thick slices of grilled ham, and the mac and cheese with linguici (sausage), which was amazing. All the cheese (and fries) was definitely a heart-attack waiting to happen, but in the moment, it all tasted so good. Wash it down with a $2 of 16 oz. Schlitz and you've got one helluva late-night meal.|0|0|0
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|EYojv3zEBQoJgadGQ3lD4A|2|This place is mediocre at best. Either people from Rhode Island don't know barbecue or they're all tastebud retarded. I've tried their food twice to give it a fair shot and here's the truth: The ribs are overcooked and don't fall off the bone because they're great but rather because they're so overcooked.The barbecue sauce both mild and hot are pretty dissapointing, lacking real flavor or southern sweetness or spice. Pulled pork is bland, the mac and chees and cornbread were terrible and bland. The rice, beans and sausage were extremely bland and the sauce was actually terrible. What is that stuff? Maybe the vegans have it good there and so used to bland food they think it's great but you won't see a person of color on here praising this food. If you have had any decent barbecue in your life...run the other way from this place. If you think black pepper represents a spice and enjoy bland food, you'll love this place. BTW, the pulled pork was simply, OK and the barbecue chicken was crap and also overcooked.|1|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|Y7q1v8m_xuItNu3kZt-y9g|4|Friendly staff, decent food.  Beer was a little pricey..$4.75 for a pint.  Will go again.|0|0|0
87LNZTmU2KXPnC-ZyN0mYg|xvWDe_VT0LzOSjNZcbvfJw|2|Food in general was mediocre. Go for chicken rather than beef dishes. My main problem with them is their price. Its WAY too expensive for what you get.|1|0|0
6fz6hlH9LDkZ9jwtwBVOEQ|kOFSGRd6cF3A56VqnUq1oQ|4|Long time patron, first time yelper.  I think it would only be fair for Spats to be the focus of my first review since it has been my "go-to" spot for the past 8 months.  While location has a major influence over this (I live on the same street), there are other factors that come into play.  The main attraction would have to be the 100 oz beer tubes.  The food is average pub quality and the service is spotty.  It is the combination of multiple TV's constantly airing sport games and $20 for 100 oz of Narragansett that draws me and my group of friends in.  If it weren't for the tubes I would have to add another dollar sign to the price range.The laid back atmosphere enjoyed during dinner and lunch vanishes around 11 p.m.  'Todays hits' are blasted and the college crowd rolls in to celebrate another weeks end.  This is all fun and good if one is in the mood to party.  Otherwise I would suggest the English Alehouse located a little further down the street for a more relaxed environment.|0|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|68LmmPmqrl8nEeaIuk-U9g|4|The decor ranges from kitschy to modern. The service is friendly, the cookies are HUGE. We only had mochas and to be honest I wasn't sure what to expect because it sounded more like a dinner joint. However they also do breakfast (And obviously desserts!). The food is reportedly oversized as well. Decent price. Definitely for casual outings.|0|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|GFfIobQHKmCjzJU_tlTbKw|4|First off, it should be noted I'm a super picky eater ... and a vegetarian. Despite all of this, Paragon exceeded my expectations and sent me home wicked full, for a decent price.**Go for lunch -- everything is a few dollars cheaper yet the portions are about the same size! For me, one meal there makes a whole days worth of food.There was a wide variety of options, and they were very flexible and willing to customize an order. My favorite part was the fact that for any of their burgers, you can substitute either a turkey or a vegetarian burger for the beef, at no cost.And let me tell you -- they have to-die-for veggie burgers -- certainly not those frozen tasteless patties that serve as fillers. DELICIOUS. I had the Sunshine burger (veggie burger with pepper jack, avocado, onion strings, and chipotle mayo). But I was in between getting any of the burger options. And the fries -- delish! I tried both the sweet potato and regular fries -- you cant go wrong.Overall, great food for a reasonable price, atmosphere was nice, and the waitstaff was very friendly.|0|0|0
Dn-6ZmMqHW_ATU1I-nrNjw|GG5wChU1tKY4XFwPNTGpnw|5|Easily the best in ri. People who rate this place low are too naive to know what they are looking at. I have been coming here for years and as a chef i have to say its unbelievable what this place offers. Beef wellington cooked to order, ostrich, quail, venison, veal rib chops, kobe beef, chicken soup with consume` prepared as broth, frois gras imported from France, heirloom tomatoes when in season and the list goes on and on.  So why even bother coming here and order a fish fillet and cheesecake? Go to chelos for that. Come here with an open mind an wallet and be prepared to be wowed with dishes not found anywhere else in RI.  The wine list is also amazing, including extraordinary vintages of Bordeaux.  Many things are great here my favorites include the wellington, kobe beef, duck, squash flower app, all veal dishes. Come here. Service is second to none, and live piano music in the bar will top off an already unbelievable dining experience.|0|0|0
gupc57VIn_IOUTMtPsGmkg|xFg4ArkB-sgepXvHeYjOtw|5|Best Jolly Roger sandwich, and people who work there are super awesome!|0|0|0
9hjuKkPO0LryqAq1xSfpuA|wS60fjardYnlmpiCWQ8iaQ|3|Good food for the price, recently was renovated, clean and nice. We went there for the buffet which had few choices of food and no pudding. Gulab jamun was not that good. Tawa chicken was tasteless. Shrimp was a disaster. Our favorites are that spicy spinach and tikka masala. We'll probably go back there again sometime.|1|0|0
9hjuKkPO0LryqAq1xSfpuA|beb89IBbQjR3OBSjID_yjg|3|After reading everyone's reviews, I was pretty nervous to go to A.T.I. today. But my co-worker had a Groupon and we wanted to use it. For starters, someone commented and said that you can't use your Groupon unless you spend more than the coupon itself. FALSE. We called ahead and the gentleman who answered (I believe it was the manager) said that we could use it for dine-in or takeout, at any price. He even sounded concerned that we would "lose" money if we just got some lunch items and didn't use it all.We found the place clean and relaxed inside. We called ahead and our food was ready by the time we arrived to sit down (on a tight schedule!). The man we spoke with on the phone--the manager or owner, I believe--welcomed us when we arrived and also came up after and asked us how everything was, if we'd been there before, etc. and offered us a take-out menu for future ordering convenience. Everyone was very friendly.THE FOODI ordered the Chana Masala (chickpeas) and my co-worker got the Mango Chicken Curry. Both of us were pleasantly surprised! Nice and spicy, with an "earthier" flavor and look than Rasoi (my usual). Less bright flavors, but definitely not LESS flavor. I wasn't blown away by the complexity, but the spices and desired taste were there. Both dishes came with some yummy and colorful basmati rice, served family-style for the two of us.  All in all, no complaints!|0|0|0
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|tSKGejZuR8E7OGLckX4-8Q|3|Pizza smack down... Ugh, I got drunk Saturday. Totally off the wagon :( Saw dude and his kids walking down the street and he told us the nice slice (I'll get to YOU, later, "Nice Slice") that he had was from 'ANTONIO'S...' After splitting a Scorpion bowl at Shanghai (I'll also get to YOU later, Shanghai...) I was lolling around all sloshy and still hungry (what good is sushi after you've a shot of this that and whatever else topped by the frightening 151 all out of two looooong straws?) and I was pointing across the street (while eating pizza from Nice Slice) saying I WANT ANTHONY'S....ANTHONY'SSSSSISSSSWHERETHATGUYYYYY.... went. Right. ANTONIO'S. I mean, as a side note - Nice Slice has got the outdoor seating (though, not much of it, make sure you're with less than four friends) and the sun hitting it just so at that time of the late afternoon. Nice Slice also does VEGAN pizza... which is rad. Wait, I need to talk about ANTONIO'S in this review. Sorry, readers! I suck. I know. But most people don't mind... Anyways. This place is stuck next to a burrito joint, and is CHEAPER than it's neighbor, Nice Slice. It's more classically New York style. I only got a slice of plain cheese. It was pretty damn good. It had the disadvantage of being the second pizza place I was eating in after also having a full on sushi lunch and two slices at Nice Slice. SO, given that gastric.... umm.... gastric plasticity? Un-necessity? Whatever, slice 3 of large pizza and it was STILL yummy. Not amazing, but delicious enough to devour after all the goodies preceding it: sealing the deal and putting a lid on my drunkenness, replacing the feeling of sloshed with the feeling of nauseas. In a good way, I suppose. Ordering is AWKWARD... It would be an awesome way to meet your future husband or wife cuz you get to like, brush up against whoever in order to get in the back of the line. It's so crammed! I've never seen anything like it. It is some heinous interior design. And that's saying a lot because, well... you know: I'm comparing you to New York, where everything is crammed. But this place has a new-ish/gymboree feel to it - so you'd think they'd think about it a little more before making the ordering like THAT. Antonio's, you're ok. Next time, I'll give you a sober shot - on a more empty stomach. Yelp, I'm sorry for my reviews. I suck/they suck/I don't know who made me 'elite' but I love you all....|0|0|0
8WGDqkmiwlq50SRIcB_X6w|9oyxt5lNWwcyoBvIzNXqdA|4|Sometimes classified as a vegetarian restaurant, but they do have food for omnivores. You can tell that this menu took some creativity, very homey but adventurous at the same time.|0|0|0
Dn-6ZmMqHW_ATU1I-nrNjw|S8aunXrPaNU-WSlWxT_h0Q|4|This restaurant is a staple place in Providence to eat. Every time I've been, the food and service has been great. It's a bit on the pricey side but you will not go away unhappy.|0|0|0
kATS8uEAIQfeD66JypmgaQ|czq90hs0xraxs0tq8oMc4w|5|Great wine selection and absolutely one of the dest steakhouses in RI|0|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|6OxZMXIRyQtWVU06xE2i-g|4|This place does one thing and they do it well: make excellent burgers.  They are actually sliders (you know, the little ones), but unlike most sliders, they are never overcooked or dry.  Wait, they do two things well: burgers and bacon bloody mary's.  Bloody Mary with a bacon garnish?  Oh, and the beer list!  So three things well: burgers, bloodies, and a small but quality tap and beer list.  Like the owl from the Tootsie Roll commercial says, "One, two, three..."  Three things:  burgers, bloodies, and beers, oh my!|0|0|1
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|Wb3lr1zYbESrUqpnDqcc_g|4|Very tasty and the price was right!We got there after a movie at about 9:30 on a Monday night.  We sat right down and ordered our beers - and they have a great beer menu.  We then ordered some burgers.  It took about 1/2 hour which seemed longer than that because at 9:30 I was starved but they definitely hit the spot.  I had the regular cheeseburgers with salt & pepper fries.  And I'd have them again right now if I could!Next time I'll try to get a seat at the bar.  Seemed like a better ambiance for me especially if there are any large groups in the back (which there were) as it can get pretty loud.|2|0|1
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|L1mMQhpRkToKQU_rtm4IRw|2|One of the places that seems to have left a huge imprint on the local cuisine is Al Forno-- famous for fresh, seasonal Italian food and grilled pizza. I read mixed reviews and heard about excessive waits and poor service, so I figured we could do better and/or less overwhelmingly popular. Unfortunately, that morning, USA Today ran some fluff piece on the best places to eat in the country, with Al Forno being mentioned. That was all the prodding my mother needed and we were soon locked in.We arrived at Al Forno for an early dinner-- meeting up with a friend of my mom's from college and his wife. The hostess seemed confused about what to do with us, but we were eventually led upstairs to our table. To my surprise, Al Forno was as big, if not bigger than Madeira-- and much more crowded.A glance at the menu revealed that "native corn" is apparently a huge deal at Al Forno (although we passed on all the dishes utilizing it). We started off with a grilled margherita pizza, which was interesting, but not life-changing. The crust tasted strongly of olive oil, but could have used a little more seasoning, while thhe pizza was topped with shredded green onions. This confused me. As my mom and her college buddy caught up, I noticed he used the word "literally" a lot. This word has become so overused that it is now virtually meaningless, and I had already joked with brother about it earlier that weekend (I won't get into it any more, because I'll sound like more of a jerk than I already do). I whispered to my brother that we should drink every time he said literally-- and we literally needed a second round of drinks after two minutes.Our waitress seemed well-meaning, but was scatterbrained and ultimately completely worthless. For every round of drinks we ordered, we watched them sit at the bar, waiting to be picked up for 15 minutes at a time (despite the fact that they apparently have a policy of turning tables after two hours). Our mains were fine, but nothing life-changing. Agnollotti and ravioli, though labelled differently, were the exact same. I couldn't detect the rabbit advertised in my agnolotti, and the cheese filled ravioli was much better. Dirty steak, which apparently meant it was cooked on the grill, directly over the coals, was served over garlic mashed potatoes and probably the best dish of the night. The linguine left no impression whatsoever, but the cod cakes were nicely flavored and perfectly fried.We were commanded to order our desserts with our mains, since they apparently take an extremely long time to make fresh. Whatever. My dad and I decided to share a blueberry tart, but after all the other desserts arrived (including a weak ice cream and brownie sandwich and chocolate cake), our tart was nowhere to be found. The waitress gave a weak apology and removed it from the bill, but it's extremely stupid that they make a big deal about ordering desserts then forget them completely.|5|5|2
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|Yhotyln7QiqpPOfNij2LEw|3|The English Cellar : aka the old Liquid Lounge, in the heart of RISD/BROWN Thayer's east side.I went to the English Cellar on a friday evening with my girl friend, before the bar rush. We both sat at the bar and ordered some appetizers. The decor and ambiance was nice with wood booths, tables, and exposed brick.They seemed to have a pretty extensive beer selection.There were 2 bartenders on shift, and they seemed a little disorganized. Our girl promptly took our beer orders, but we had a little trouble getting her (or even the other guy's) attention to order food. Once we did, I ordered a clam chowder, and my friend ordered a salad. It was good, but nothing fantastical, and a little pricey for what I would imagine to be a "divey" establishment, considering the decor/ambiance. But again, this is in a prime college student area, so I can see why they might hike up their prices.Overall, good. I'd go again, and recommend it to someone who wants an English Pub-esque feel place.|1|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|ziL8chrxFpGtA0oFQNUrwQ|3|We went here for drinks and apps. Had the grilled cheese - which could have possibly been the CHEESIEST grilled cheese I've ever eaten. It was also probably the butter-iest. Love the atmosphere at this place, very funky and unusual. The house wine is a steal, too. This is a great "go to" of mine.|0|0|0
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|jJfQ-uQgscVaaECkwqMlWw|4|the beef ribs are **awesome**.|0|0|0
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|cbItqaNDC4xgwxbNvWodYg|4|Decided to come here because a friend had one of those lovely Living Social coupons, glad she did. I was a little apprehensive about Lola's because of the reviews here on Yelp, but I was pleasantly surprised. The service was great! And I'm saying this having gone on a night when there was only one waitress for the whole place, thankfully this team of coworkers came together and the bartender, hostess, "waitress in training?" and runner made our meal great. I started with the Mysterious margarita, a lot of yelpers's griped that there was no list of margaritas but I guess Lola listened, but I do agree yelpers the margaritas were nothing to rave about. Mine was decent and I tried the two others my dinner companions ordered and they were decent too but nothing that would make me come back only for margaritas. My enchiladas were fantastic with enough spice and flavor my only gripe is that I wish they gave sides of sour creme, guacamole and salsa with it as I like to add that stuff to mine. The chips and salsa they brought out at the start were great too (and I am a salsa lover who is a little picky but this one was great).  To end the meal we shared the churros which were to die for, not your amusement park churro.  I'll be back Lola!|0|0|0
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|ueFQVGi7j45QcXT-HU-dHg|5|I love Korean Food. I love Food Trucks.If you combine the two, im gonna try and get it pregnant.|0|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|e7rTDywVPZDI3yN61MGHOw|2|A popular place for breakfast. I don't think that the food is that great, though.|1|0|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|YHilxGojDXc3gxfzwFjIwA|5|Outside Garden Oasis in a downtown city environment! It was a gorgeous fall morning that my boyfriend and I decided to have brunch here. As with most meals out, I like to seek out new and unique places to try and cross them off my restaurant bucket list as I go. I'm so glad I finally made it here and can't wait to go back! The outdoor seating almost made you feel like you weren't surrounded by old brick factory buildings and the (minor in comparison to NYC) hustle and bustle of the city. To start, we enjoyed large cups of a hazelnut mocha and cafe mexicano-- artfully flavored with caramel, chili pepper, mocha, and cinnamon. Our meals (which we usually split) allowed us to have the best of both worlds: a sweet and savory combination to please every taste bud! The french toast made using their homemade brioche was topped with real maple syrup, cinnamon, and warm apples making it some of the best french toast I've ever had! The savory meal consisted of poached eggs on top of a light and flavorful grilled chive and cheddar scone, served with apple-wood smoked bacon, roasted tomato, and sweet potato and regular potato home fries. This delicious brunch, combined with great service and a gorgeous atmosphere is the perfect spot for the community to come together and relax on the weekends!|0|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|seoDhKRxvNA6UmsOGFQt0Q|3|Pretty good food, strong and tasty margs, and a convenient location (right off of Hope) equals a pretty fun night out.  The atmosphere is ok,but sometimes it has the feeling of hanging out in a chilis-esque restaurant.  I've gone here for dinner a couple of times and highly recommend the  chicken, raisin, and cinnamon enchilada.  Yes, it may sound like quite an odd combination, but it is actually really good.  They also serve bison (in burger and quesadilla form), which is awesome since it is hard to find a good bison burger out east.  Their top shelf house margaritas are pretty fantastic but if you are a light-weight drinker like me you may be leaving with a good buzz on. Be aware that in the evenings it can get quite busy so you may need to plan on waiting a while if you go at dinner time.  All in all, the food and atmosphere isn't anything special, but if it can be a fun place to hang out on occasion.|0|0|0
wKaal1Y4D9DIJPkHVNyP_A|VM-n8b2PFw9EbrnsneUEzg|4|Went there with my husband and had a wonderful time.  My husband had been wanting to go there for  quite some time and we were not disappointed.  We dicided to skip the pizza and try the boards because that is what Bacaro's is known for.  We ordered about seven or eight dishes.  The waiter said that they would come out one oe two at a time.  All the dishes were fabulous.  My favorite was the pork belly and the scallop with truffel.  We also really liked the cured meats and jams.  The waiter was extremely knowledgable and patiently expained each dish.  He even suggested dishes.My only complaint is that the dishes came out all at the same time.  Apparently the kitchen got busy.  Because we were unfamiliar with the dishes it was difficult to distinguish which dish was which.  The waiter was attending to his other tables so we were left on our own.  The waiter did apologize and we will be back but next time I will speak up.  For the price of the dinner I do no want to be rushed.Overall great service and wonderful food.  Next time I will hold out for a table on the second floor as stated in the other review.|0|0|1
CS0IkhLaW6VzPDmn1Qxe4A|jIX1XJicVAPdsYbstzQB0g|5|This place is an excellent choice for breakfast or lunch downtown.  I work nearby, and try to stop by on occasion for a breakfast sandwich or a wrap.  They have a nice variety of options, including a "noodles" side dish that's a wonderful change from the downtown lunchtime monotony.  The staff is exceedingly friendly and service is quick.  I have never had to wait for than a few minutes at even the busiest of times - which is actually a shame because this place should be jam-packed with customers.  I think being a few streets away from much of its competition makes people forget that it's here - you really shouldn't!  I highly recommend this cafe.|0|0|0
IL96KSxK3ov1m-1WQV8MLQ|vlehgFdySB62xExGaaqEow|2|There are many solid, well-founded, positive reviews here of Small Point, and I have to pause to quote Dave Mason..."There ain't no good guy, There ain't no bad guy, There's only you and me and, We just disagree...ooo-ooo-OOO O-o, O-o-ooo."  I can see it - this place is purpose-built for hydrating, caffeinating, and sustaining a laptop user while making them feel good about their lifestyle choices, all near the heart of fair Providence, convenient for most anyone to walk into, and settle into.  And that's Kool & The Gang.  The decor is solid (including those plumbatronic robots in the bathroom), the set-up within is varied and commodious, the front of the shop serves as a great window on Westminster life passing by, and they have food and coffee, as one would expect.But to me, the atmosphere feels forced and stringent.  It did not appear to compute for the staff when my young sons tagged along with me, despite reasonable and quiet behavior from them - we all just wanted some baked goods and a drink in a timely fashion, and then to sit and enjoy them by the colorful chalkboard mural.  If that reaction from them was the sum total of the knocks on it, I'd simply chalk it up to "Good for Kids?...less so," and go about my business.  No harm in that, and no points deducted, either.  But the food menu felt limited and unoriginal.  On an uncrowded Sunday morning, service was slow both in taking my (straightforward) order and in delivering it.  I was charged incorrectly...twice.  When I add those up, I can safely say I've experienced better.  I have a real desire for virtually everything that sets up shop on Westminster to succeed - it's a strong, history-ridden corridor that deserves love, attention, foot traffic, and interesting denizens.  And I wish Small Point well - I just wish they were a little bit friendlier, and more on their game.  Four stars seems to be the rule of the day from everyone else, and maybe I got a heaping helping of whatever caused the one-star deduction from everyone else.  I'll eventually give them another shot, but I'm not expecting much.|4|1|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|GbNOQmSfnWIYSdEGFZeLsw|5|Al Forno's grilled pizza margarita gets 10 stars.  Yes. 10 stars.  It is absolutely the best pizza I have ever had.  I know of no other restaurant with pizza that looks or tastes like Al Forno's.  It may simply be the best pizza in the U.S.The pizza is a perfect combination of a thin grilled pizza bread base, melted cheese, olive oil, tomato sauce, and some scallions.Each ingredient is also individually excellent.  The bread isn't heavy or overcooked.  The cheese isn't rubbery or overly chewy.  The tomato sauce isn't tart or too sweet. The olive oil drizzled on top adds to the pizza's overall flavor and isn't superfluous or simply decorative.  The scallion curls are added in just the right proportion to be very constructive to the tasty creation. Al Forno offers a unique tasty pizza that is a delight with every bite!|1|1|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|e7rTDywVPZDI3yN61MGHOw|2|My wife and I shared a margarita, which definitely improved the evening. There are no pretensions of "authenticity" here. Wow! The Chicken Taquitos look fun and structural. Like Lincoln Logs. The chicken and pork was a little dry, but not too dry. Generally bland tex/mex type food.|2|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|xK5mpFzMTY4xxCGjK1Uw6w|5|Hot damn I love this place! After moving back east after 13 years of crap pizza in Phoenix, I had the pleasure of moving a block away from Fellini's. And it's an effort to NOT go here twice a day.  All I want is this pizza all up in me all the time.  They have the standards as well as an exciting variety of toppings. If your slice is covered in bacon, you can't go wrong! I waited on line for the special Thanksgiving pizza on 11/24. I've been here at noon and 1 AM. The crust is awesome, the sauce is great.  The crazy New England accents by everyone behind the counter adds to the experience.  These are the big sloppy NY style slices I was missing in the desert.  I couldn't figure out why people couldn't replicate it there.  Probably the same reason there are no decent burrito joints in New England.  I had to trade one for the other, but both are going to make me fat.  Anyhow, Fellini's=fuck yeah pizza!|2|3|5
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|4Xi2i_i1RzKkoJ41_1JHig|5|My pizza list is not complete without Al Forno in Providence, RI!! This was our dining mecca while we lived in Boston. The grilled margherita pizza piping hot from the wood-fired oven was spectacular! The rest of the menu is equally impressive, but the memory of the pizza just gets me dreaming...|1|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|OClRVWLu6wWgMSUCquhqxg|5|Went there based on recommendation of a friend, the Pizza was truly amazing and the Ice Cream Sandwich was to die for.  The bartender also made a bloody good Manhattan.  It's a bit on the pricey side but for food like this it was well worth the price.  You get what you pay for.  Some of the other dishes looked fantastic and I look forward to going back.  Make sure you look at the dessert menu as you have to order the dessert when you order your main food, it's made to order for each individual customer!|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|URHf5mueYVR0vGuVPr1oUQ|4|This was the one place in Providence I had bookmarked before my trip because it got such great reviews, and I'm glad we stopped.  Located along a great little street in the heart of Providence (close to Brown), it's surrounded by shops, nightlife, everything.  I really wanted to hang around, but I had only gotten 1 hr of sleep the night before on the plane, so we took our order to go.My only complaint is I wish the pita bread had been grilled either before or after making my gyro.  I really hate tortillas and pitas that break when you eat them.  I want my tortillas steamed and my pitas grilled, though I'm sure they would throw it on the grill if you asked.I love the variety of things you can get on your gyro (or whatever you're getting)-hummus, tahini, tabouli, siracha, tzaziki (say that 10 times fast), all for no extra charge.  I wanted to get everything, but figured my pita would be way too weighed down by the end.Their pita chips are really good, topped with some sort of spice, and really good with a side of hummus.Also, the staff was great.  I loved the way the guy wrapped up my gyro in foil and then twisted it around, threw it back and forth between his hands, like a little show.  I love when people have fun at their jobs.Best of all East Side Pocket is cheap!|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|F0tYHaVuk58XIxbv8ZfrjA|5|Great, cozy place!  The cupcakes are really delicious and there are two sizes.  Good place for a drink (alcoholic or not) and a snack or dessert.  Cool vibe!|0|0|0
AKfHinPZ5vdPdHRzpvSWtw|TaGA-Lg3z61-MzhJ8YVKYg|5|Absolutely outstanding bi-bim-bap. The texture and flavors were perfect, and the portion was such that I ended up getting to enjoy it for two additional meals. The atmosphere of the restaurant was very welcoming and pleasant.|0|0|0
NiC9LXPp-OgQcrpqOyRu3Q|mC9ycQTEF3fHvcS3eejWTg|4|I don't typically like Indian or spicy food but this place was a regular of mine when I lived in Providence and I almost always go when I am visiting. The food is SO GOOD, and the service is even better! The ambiance isn't anything super special, but it's definitely nice and clean. I am in love with the fact that they tell you what has dairy, gluten, etc. Their naan is also the best I've ever had. The honey ginger is my favorite. My favorites are the appetizer platter/sampler and the pepper chicken curry.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|heNST89kp1ufMtKvuqXU3g|5|SO GOOD. I'm keeping my review short because everyone else has said it all. Small place, not always room to sit. But their pocket are amazing! Go for some cheap, delicious eats!|2|0|1
KU3o2bfHa-igvS7DgnpzDw|Ey1Gsmaaa2-optHyB80LhQ|4|Good sushi. Haruki features a little market as well. I had the tuna, yellowtail, and California rolls.|0|0|0
-93uBoiVyQ2ZPABERT621w|VZUHcHoSYtn8mKq31hAM-g|3|Nice interior feel and decorations, it feels like a local pub. Solid lunch fare and tried both the lamb burger and a pulled pork sandwich. Good prices for the value and fries were tasty. Make sure to make a lunch reservation if you want a table and are with a group, otherwise you may be waiting for a bit. Service was fine. Solid, a-ok.|0|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|PvV18yldpc2t35Ur2-FRqA|3|I've been to Paragon twice, and both times it was for a sunday brunch.The brunch buffet here is very good! Breakfast choices feature Eggs to order (or omelettes) with french toast, eggs benedict, bacon, sausage, etc.....all the staples of a fantastic breakfast, kept hot and fresh.Salad, shrimp, and pastries round out the breakfast bar selections. I've thoroughly enjoyed my meals here, and i've never had to wait for a table.15$ for a breakfast in Providence may be on the high side, however, and nothing about the food is special or remarkable. Looking forward to checking it out at night to see how it transforms into a lounge. (I'm praying for the Eurotrash Sarah mentioned)|0|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|xwIm0Sjc7Ehb9zXcrLsKcw|2|I have tried this place a couple of times and it is mediocre at best. The margarita was good, but my fajitas were whatever and, I can't even remember what I ordered the first time, but I remember I thought it was awful. If you are looking for real Mexican food and a place that has friendly staff, look elsewhere.|1|0|1
Lw7lLPi2Da-daCK2rxtPIw|uYqpUIjos0puuar__elBkw|2|After feeling the boba tea craving, I happened upon Sushi Express and made an impulse purchase.  Not the best boba I've had, not the worst, but definitely the most expensive at $5.  Also, not impressed with how dirty this galley restaurant appears.|1|1|0
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|f_QH9sO3wK5Q6AWbkQfGOg|5|I eat a ton of pizza and this is hands down my most favorite pizza out there.  The staff are all pretty cool, always friendly.  The pesto tortellini is by far my favorite, but I usually get that and try another outlandish piece along with it.  YUM!|0|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|Wbew-2-6Vhx8nQ1FGmWbog|4|A friend and I found this cute off the path Creperie while we were walking the downtown area a couple weeks ago.I love crepe's and so does she, and she had a coupon from the Enterainment book too, which they took!Loved the crepe I got and my friend loved hers!  When I am in town again I will definitely visit again.|0|0|0
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|DvQjzwB3PapLctxpqi38-w|4|Loved it on our first time visiting...so many unique options but I had a great sandwich with fresh bread...so nice to see a good deli in town.  Also, they had great service and I love the free pickles.|1|0|1
Dn-6ZmMqHW_ATU1I-nrNjw|1GEbPEQmCd9Vgkg4cKITkQ|4|Had a fantastic experience here this past week. Have been enjoying the bounty that Providence has to offer restaurant wise for years now, yet this had been my first time at Capriccio's. Had heard mixed reviews over the years from both friends and family - and was very pleasantly surprised.Lovely formal atmosphere, perfect lighting, and not noisy. Our waiter was attentive and very helpful. Food was EXCELLENT. Everyone at the table was impressed with the quality of their dish. Despite being a on the expensive side, it was certainly worth it. Pay attention to the daily special - you won't be dissappointed. The restaurant also allows you to split salads as an appetizer if you please, which was convenient.The only downside was the lack of variety on the wines by the glass. Impressive wine list, but only house wines were available by the glass. It was good wine, however a choice is always nice.Will certainly be returning.|1|0|1
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|xpVWpxMBXmYS1xSeeralOA|2|The pizza is alright. I'd give it 3 stars if they didn't claim to be "New York Style." The few times I've gotten their basic slices (cheese, pepperoni), I've found the crust to be more like a flat-bread or cracker. That said, it is tasty, and the ingredients seem fresher than the other nearby pizza joints. When I'm not trying to maximize my calories/$ I go here over Antonio's or the cone place.|0|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|jwtTBTYuL8249q26lmJH6A|4|small hole in the wall kind of place, good crepes|0|0|0
V5DHGTNGGdyHawRWcaDfoA|Xf94N4CuNXfyzDeLXwS4Bg|5|this place was awesome|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|6oa-O8pPzYAdBmWmgcTwew|4|Went here on a date once.  Free parking was the first perk of the location, along with the view of the bay.  Their dessert menu was overwhelming but the "cookie sampler" was a tasty treat.  They are also known for their tarts, seen multiple times on Food Network.  I had the penne, it tasted like a real homemade Italian meal,  definitely one of the best Italian restaurants in the area that isn't on Federal Hill.|0|0|0
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|pOjgCTg0sXvGVcJETxcq5g|3|Stopped in for some take out, wasn't bad. Tried Garlic Tuna and Spider Crab roll which were good, and  got the Peaking Raviolis which we're free and delicious with an order of $30 or more. However, after getting back home, we realized that they had messed up our order . After calling them up to let them know, they just brushed us off instead of trying to fix the problem.Overall great food, not great customer service|0|0|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|mTX1zQz9moKjYRdcRYLPVQ|5|I am shocked by some of the negative reviews.  I've eaten there perhaps 50 times over the many years it's been there, and I've never had anything other than superbly cooked fish and seafood.  Service is good; great clam chowder; and the seafood salad is wonderful.  I'm a big fan.|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|KXCHQ6e2NEX0iLyiiUJpBg|3|I keep trying Tazza because I have always liked their events and such. I was so excited when they came back fromt he renovations! The lounge and bar area is great and they even upgraded my favorite outdoor spot. The decor is awesome, they always pay attention to the music that si palying and the smell of the coffee wafting through it intoxicating. All of the coffee drinks i have had have been great and I love the option of choosing how it is brewed, like wine or anything else the way it is prepared does make a difference.The service has been lack luster every time that I have been in. The staff is really young and although they look on point and are nice enough it just isnt stellar.The concept of the menu is great. I love the small plate options but the execution is not great at all. I have had some really yumm dishes (tomato bisque, wedge salad) and some awful ones (spring gezspacho, Orange shakes) I LOVE creme brulee and it was terrible when I had it there. The creme was warm and had separated, the caramel was burnt in some places and had clearly been sitting out because it was sweating. I really want to love this place and have given it a try over and over again. But I will not dissapoint myself again and eat there, only cocktails and coffee...|0|0|0
AMcQOPu1hcSl7f6iguru3Q|hGeXKYWkqJgFC1u_Sh6kCg|3|Screw the haters...they served me a delicious and thick medium well bacon and Swiss cheeseburger with mushrooms. I washed it down with a perfectly poured Guinness. It is what it is, a bar and grill by the Providence Place Mall. You want snooty dining then check out another place, you want a laid back decently priced lunch then come here.|2|1|2
QNU9hn3bg_HF6v6UndA6wQ|gE-5s1PtmW5EDXoe3ClLBw|3|Dessert and service saved this restaurant from a two-star rating.While the location here is prime - right on the Waterplace Park "strip" - it may be more for drinks and dancing than dinner.I'd been for meetings and lectures but never for dinner, so we decided to try it one warm summer night. The cocktail menu was original but everything looked very sweet. My dinner date's sangria was too sweet for her to finish (the red) and mine had a bad aftertaste (the white).I started with the Cobb Salad which was something I could make at home... and there's a reason I don't cook. It wasn't bad but just very generic like I could grab it in the pre-made section of Stop & Shop. My date said her Ahi Tuna Cakes were excellent.We both had the beef medallion and it wasn't anything super special. I found my steak a little squishy.We ordered the Bananas Foster Donut Holes (also, it's not "Banana Fosters" as the menu reads... someone there should know that) and the Waffles and Gelato. Both were supremely delicious and inventive. I can't stand when desserts are served in martini glasses but I made an exception for the Waffles and Gelato. The donuts were perfectly cakey, hot and mixed well with the scoop of ice cream and sauce.Our server was so friendly throughout; attentive and helping us with the menu options. I'd request her again if I decided to go back and try again. But, I think I'd probably eat nearby and come here for drinks and dessert after.|0|0|0
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|SNNqHITC-UJCC-ouNLfxpA|3|Yay!  More suburban Chinese food.  Fine choice if there are no, more authentic, options.|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|hsnwTBSdG30DyHiqsDc38w|5|i went there today to meet up with my college professor.  since i'm from north of boston, i really don't scope out the restaurants in providence so i asked her to think of an indian place to go to... and wouldn't you know... there we are.awesome wait staff.  our server was absolutely fantastic.  i felt like he was a long lost cousin.  very sweet and attentive.the food itself was so tasty.  she got the lamb curry.  i had the lamb vindaloo.  we also split garlic naan and pesto naan.  i love naan and both were absolutely fantastic.  the restaurant was clean and well managed.  the only complaint i would have is that the waiting area for the bathroom is a little cramped with chairs, but other than that.. this place is fantastic for a nice bite to eat if you're in the area and in the mood for indian.|1|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|s2jgNp-iJsDewSgPbj2ENg|2|This one is going to be a hard review....I'm trying to stay positive!First off, let me set your expectations....this place, you pay a flat fee, and you get all of the meats and vegetables you can eat. This place is filled with overweight people (of course - all you can eat meat)! So if you're looking for something on the classy side (or more than shorts and tshirts), this is not your place! It's filled with size XXXL shirts and stretchy pants! To the food: Ok, the concept is great at first, and pretty interesting. They give you a bowl, which you can fill with whatever you're in the mood for - you want scallops and chicken - do it, you want steak and shimp, do it! With your choice of a variety of vegatables and then, of course, your stir-fry sauce. This all seems nice until they plop it all on a grill and cook it up. It might just be me, but this great concept lost it all once I saw it all being cooked together, along with your neighbors not 3 inches away. I'm not a big fan of onions - so when I took my bowl back to my table and saw a handful of onions in my bowl, I had a "WTF" moment and went to get a new bowl and had to wait in line all over again. I guess I don't "love" this place because I guess I'm not as excited as all of the XXXL's at throwing your bowl on a grill for a few minutes and the all you can eat concept. Apparently though - lots of people do like it. There is always a wait! Have gone to a few places in the immediate area, and always see a line waiting to get in. Good for them - I hope they brought their stretchy pants!!!|1|2|1
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|DnXIUlrT3Zzcb6I3gKE3ow|4|I've had korean taco trucks before in NYC and I like Mama Kim's better. The Portuguese sweet rolls added a great tasting local flavor that sets them apart. Pork was flavorful and spicy. Excellent truck, glad I found them.|1|2|1
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|FXH0V3aHyy1-EIzycMHqDg|4|went back after a long time away. It was good and remembered what I was missing.Sat at the bar, built my own burger and enjoyed good company. Bartender was nice and provided great service.They currently have a build your own burger contest right now. Stop in and check it out.Lots of forms to fill out though. Found it on there website.|2|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|lAlQ2x_AfgBlQuwlgyCrlA|3|This place was something else!Was dressed as a mad hatter from an Alice in Wonderland party and heard there were dual DJ's here. So I went with the rest of the mad hatter table down into the bowels of this place. Lucky the bouncer thought we looked awesome so let us right inside.I kinda wish he didn't though haha, this place was VERY swanky, people dressed to the nines in evening dresses and such. Slightly older crowd. Strange hypnotic music wafting over the empty dance floor.A giant projector screen playing vintage black and white porno. Yes seriously. Though porno back then was ladies in granny panties, and bras, and that's as far as it got. But yet after a few drinks I really started to get into it. Or get into the fact that it even existed I guess? Anyway this place was pretty legit, pretty dull for a Saturday night at 11pm strangely. Maybe 10 people? $3 dollar cover charge, and the drinks were very good. I'd definitely give it another shot later, when I'm dressed appropriately, or when I wake up with a burning passion in my heart/loins for cougar meat.Which actually happens quite often.Though if I have a burning sensation in my loins at all I probably shouldn't be on the prowl in the first place I suppose. But I digress.|3|1|2
QadrDmx4k6Tl7QDz4fAWdg|SXoo-E_R5ndg0VUpk_q6zw|4|Good location for an early Spring get together with new friends. Copious amounts of FREE on street parking so you can get here, have your joe, find a seat (good luck!), kick it back and listen to all the young (and not so young) people being so very gosh-darn earnest.- Leather chairs against the back wall give you an overview of the place. - Lighting follows the "clean, well lighted" rule that shows each and every detail. - And due to the obligatory free wi-fi, you will probably never get a table as they are filled with aforementioned earnest, young students on their MacBook Pros, earbuds plugged in, BMMing away for world peace or checking their trust funds.|0|1|0
SWwP5Na6Z_-rrrt7z0yVmQ|s6CB8sohXlCL6XZDgAy3SA|5|Yum! So glad they offer vegan pudding pops! I had the coconut orange pudding pop, which was delicious. Great treats and the perfect snack for a swelteringly hot day at the farmers market! The lady running the cart is also very outgoing and friendly - lovely meeting you, dear! :)|0|0|0
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|CQlus1J0SvGPWC4w9fkwrg|5|Man all I could say was wow! Place was packed and lots of tables and servants! Very good service and delish food! Make sure to call ahead for a appointment. Love this Place|0|0|0
ZCNv3o4kekN2PPUTlP294w|3XuxSvex3zN7IznwCmH5EA|4|I will put aside the sometimes snobby bartenders and embrace the great selection of beers and cool atmosphere. Exposed stones and brick, low ceilings, wood beams everywhere! I love chilling at this place with a bunch of friends and a bunch of beers. It's a good place to talk and catch up. Easy parking, decent prices... an all around winner that doesn't let you down.|0|0|0
T1fAeUIvj8ZLIoDGFKpIsw|V_O7G1vY6_xFbh0KdoN71g|3|I was craving Chinese food, and went here as a LAST RESORT knowing how ridiculously overpriced everything is here.We got Chinese Eggplant with Garlic Sauce and Mongolian Beef.It was so expensive for our small portions, I cried inside.Too bad I don't have a car, so I can't go to Apsara for my Chinese food fix.|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|KZCj6jVD-tiJ7hDd51hdgw|4|Been a few times, always good. Really nice staff.|0|0|0
24CV8Si8DulpStT7s71Agw|0jTtVmRjyeHRqXGPvTF_cw|4|I used to work in the jewelry district of Providence for years, I would walk by Cafe Choklad on my walks, or driving around town and was always intrigued. I finally went for the first time today and am so bummed I no longer work near here. This place was amazing! I went with a close friend and ordered the mocha- my drink of choice anywhere, she ordered the spicy hot chocolate and a peanut butter cookie. EVERYTHING was delicious. The mocha was decadent (I ordered with whole milk), the hot chocolate was very spicy and also very rich (half whole milk, half soy), the peanut butter cookie, although simple, was one of the best pb cookies I've ever had.Definitely a place I will go to when I get a chance!|1|0|1
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|7UH0MxUr9OzlURkbRdbNzw|4|I'm giving this place 4 stars mainly because of the MARGARITAS.  They are great.  You can order them individually or as a pitcher.  If you don't like Margaritas they have a full bar and Mexican beer.  Its a great place to grab a drink after work or to have dinner. The food is pretty good.  They do have a great variety for all your friends or family.  They have all your classic mexican dishes(burritos, enchiladas, tamales, fajitas,etc..) to your more unusual dishes(alligator, crawdads, veggie burger).  Their mild salsa is a little bland.  Ask for the mixed or the hot salsa, and it will make your taste buds much happier.  The food is good but come for the margaritas!!!|1|0|0
L3uemg97EJZ1SfjEE60Qvw|4TCOItk-gIJROyNA5ftZ-Q|3|I usually walk past this food truck b/c I personally think the Tex-Mex food here is bland. But I'm giving this place 3 stars for its late night community service... helping the bar flies keep down their liquor (it's often parked near E&O and the Avery) and hence keeping the limited patches of grass in the area green. Thanks Poco Loco!|0|0|0
Wd9p_AlZTnN6pBHmT9YemQ|YDogLqJTUTMOu6PMqXePLQ|4|I've always been a fan of Jacky's more laid back joints.  And years ago when the Bristol location opened I happened to work in the area and was always able to get a good lunch.  I was happy to see Jacky's Waterplace open up steps from where I work now and a colleague and I decided to check out their lunch specials.First impression, the entrance is hard to find.  Some more signs would be helpful.  But once we did find our way in we were greeted by a cheerful hostess who seated us right away.  The restaurant is beautiful and we sat overlooking the river which was  nice touch.For lunch I ordered the shrimp pad thai, $10 for a large portion that included soup.  Both the soup and the pad thai were tasty and I even had leftovers for lunch the next day. My friend had the $10 chicken lo mein (again, with soup).  And because I LOVE green tea ice cream I was squealing with delight to find out they had some.  Our server came back with an enormous bowl!  It also is worth noting that our server was wonderful, very attentive and polite.I would not hesitate to go back for a work lunch. You can't beat the atmosphere and price when you need to get out of the office.  Also I would love to head over one night after work and grab a drink the bar/lounge space which looks very comfy.|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|Up0qlOHfNj57b3RtTEGA-A|2|Pizza is good. Salads are decent. Salad toppings are excellent... roasted red peppers and delicious olives.  There are no gluten free options (other than salads). The counter staff tend to get attitude later in the night so try not to place complicated orders or order a salad late night.|0|0|0
QAxQdJ5m-wrvLUUGb0-ulw|Yhotyln7QiqpPOfNij2LEw|3|I can appreciate and acknowledge when someone/thing is making an effort to thrive, strive, and turn things about. It takes guts to be humble and listen to input in order to stand up and make a change. In an industry where patron's impressions make or break you, I am giving kudos to the Whiskey for making a good effort to be a cool place.So, I gave TheWR another (2) chances recently, and I would like to say that I am happy to see things looking up. I am giving them an even 3 stars. This is my "middle of the road" rating, and I hope that it only gets better.|0|0|4
YEUgaDmoKvYQynNgVGenbw|eCK1nU14cJgKL3L-aJ9r-Q|2|Cool interior. Good Drinks. Sushi OK. But if you stray from the sushi it's pretty avg. fare at best. I've been twice with friends. The apps are nothing to write home about and the calamari was a grease fest. Other than the sushi I doubt much is fresh-made on site (maybe, but struck me as frozen and fried). Waitstaff was very attentive, but there were only 10 people in the post lunch crowd those days. I had the impression that as night gets closer the the ambiance turns from dinning to pick up joint|0|0|0
ezfOX2z0EOFH6UOQyrkRpA|PWnvXpPBRpwCivO_C80QTg|5|Food was very good, wife had Sunday prime rib pre fix $29.95,, very good deal including salad and dessert.  Bread was warm with two dips I had the Sirloin dinner pre fix.Steaks are always cooked to order and perfection.  Wife loved the mac cheese side, said it was the best ever.Ron the waiter was a professional server,  always there when needed with a great personalty.  Very mature, showed age by calling Dunk the Civic Center...... Ah the seventies ....Was aware that valet parking was going to discounted cost $9.00, but still bothered me that Fleming can't work out better deal for parking.   since minimum bill is at least a C note. Always enjoy the real whipped cream with dessert,Fleming is very consistent with quality and an excellent value for steaks in city.|0|0|0
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|J10glDXz7JOEE7wGA57dCA|5|Oh, Mama!Even though you can be dodgy in questionable weather (you won't melt in the rain, I promise, it's just a little water, try it sometime) I'm still giving you 5 stars.I'm not Korean and I don't even have it on good authority whether this is authentic Korean food but I don't care because it's delicious. they've always got some great special happening and they have plenty of options for vegetarians and a few for vegans, even.Favorites are the veggie dumplings and the sweet potato fries. I am just waiting and wishing and hoping for them to add the hodduck dessert special to the regular menu. It's seriously on my top 10 list of favorite foods ever!|4|3|2
jqV58g6tYX4Sx_BLx2ysMg|nb8Si6M2fGxlU-xXl15aPQ|5|When I was in Providence, I just looked up gay coffee shops on yelp on my phone and this came up.  It was a couple miles away and it was sprinkling but I still needed a caffiene fix so I walked my happy-butt there and it was well worth it.  The coffee and cookies were delicious.  I ended up playing board games with the locals and having a fun conversation with the owner. I might actually take the T down to Providence soon to enjoy this place again.|1|0|1
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|fBKdklLzl3o7V1EW2nBeDQ|5|My favorite place to go.  Hibachi steak, chicken maderia and the steak diane are the best on the menu. Always good service and good food.|0|0|0
KU3o2bfHa-igvS7DgnpzDw|mopmt-bLDCcejFpy8LYZrw|1|Hi All.  I very rarely leave reviews, but I'm logging in especially just to share my opinion on this one.  I ordered a fish-curry for lunch.  Granted, one should maybe think twice before asking for something like that at a small sushi place, but I took a chance.  The fish had been dumped directly out of a can onto a bed of dry white rice, and a spoonful of something that barely tasted of anything but resembled red curry was dribbled over it.   It's the first time in a long time that I've been insulted at the food a restaurant serves.  I could have made the same thing at home with 2 dollars at the grocery store and a can opener.  I won't go back.|2|1|1
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|C5Avkksj5Iom9saQyoEM8w|3|It had been a long long time since I last came to delve into Fire & Ice's ingredients and sauces for dinner.  To be more exact. . . about two years.  Still receiving their free birthday dinner coupons by email, a friend and I made our way through rainy downtown to the refuge of this restaurant's funky and abstract atmosphere.Things have changed a bit since my last visit.  There are now larger "first visit" bowls that are supplied on your table.  Confused at first as to whether or not these were the bowls to bring up, we sat back for a bit until we saw others using them as well.  While perusing my options, I was somewhat disappointed with what the selection has become.  Far fewer choices than my last visit.  I was able to put together two varying dishes on separate trips up to the grille. . . but had my stomach had room for a third dish. . . I would have been repeating most of my ingredients.  The grille cooks were very efficient, joked around with the customers, and didn't overcook my food.  Glad to see that they had tip jars set up at the grille.  Always wondered why I was only tipping the waiter, who'd simply come by to clear my plate and refill my water glass.  Granted, at other restaurants you are not tipping the grille cooks, but here at Fire & Ice, they become a pivotal part of your experience and are quite visible to the public.  This restaurant has lost a star for me because while I still enjoy the experience and unique nature of their setup, the variety of food pairings has fallen for the amount of money you end up paying to participate.|2|0|1
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|PqEMzxn_7OHpqpwr0bXYkA|3|Kabob and Curry always throws me off a little bit. Don't get me wrong; the food is quite good. It just never tastes quite like traditional Indian food. That being said, they have a pretty big menu that points out spicy dishes and dishes that won't take too long to prepare, they sell Indian beer in giant bottles, and they make a number of foods that I've never seen anywhere else, such as the mango curry praised by Stephanie D. The prices aren't bad and the service is very good, but the restaurant often gets crowded and there is very little room to wait indoors, so make reservations if it's cold outside.|1|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|77eVe7AVDUp4s-fPFlGg8Q|3|The food is ok, but nothing special, certainly not authentic.  Margaritas and Chips are the best thing that they do.  Cheap and cheerful.  Regularly this place is packed, so prepair for a wait.|1|0|1
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|Cz_qe1HSt_8SX_GLeQf1Qw|4|Great pizza, and being a New Yorker - I have high pizza standards. The margarita pizza is classic, and is the slice I get most frequently. My only complaints are that the slice pies don't change too often, and I don't see many interesting combinations. I've never seen a slice of grandma's, and almost none with sausage (which I'm a huge fan of). They also don't have anything in the way of garlic knots, or Sicilian slices which I have a craving for on occasion. Overall, great spot though. They will of course - make any pizza combination you want if you order a whole pie. Seating is also very limited.|0|0|0
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|tV1j-j2z1-QXAEMSK7Vaag|3|This was my first time at TCF and although the food was good, I did not have a very good experience. We had a great waiter who was very attentive but as soon as our food was delivered, another waitress came over to deliver an icetea, and dropped the glass on our table. When I tell you that the glass shattered everywhere, you would not have believed it. We had glass in our food, hair, down my shirt, it just exploded all over us. Now, as much as I know this may happen, I think our meal should have been complimentary. This could have been a very dangerous situation. We could have had glass in our eyes or been cut somehow. We did receive complimentary dessert but I'm sorry, our meal should have been free!! I will be writing to TCF and tell them how disappointed I was that THEY did not pick up our tab.|0|0|0
kATS8uEAIQfeD66JypmgaQ|9-e6IZC7lv7zWVGr0kDBfw|4|I'd never been to a Ruth's Chris before, only seen the billboard as I drove through Hartford. But, my brother now lives in Providence, and it was his birthday, so we all took him out for dinner. And wow, this was certainly a few steps above the Texas Roadhouse!For starters, it's nice inside. I was told to dress nicely, so I had a button-down shirt and slacks, and didn't feel out of place. This is the Fine Dining of steakhouses.Second, everything is VERY expensive. Steaks start at $37 for the filet, and go up from there. I had the NY strip steak ($41) and it was delicious. One of the best steaks I've had, I would say. And all the various potato sides were fantastic. My family is very meat-and-potatoes types, so this was like a dream come true to the lot of us.And the desserts, yow! The cheesecake I had was creamy and wonderful. Highly recommended if you find yourself there.Our waitress was VERY friendly and helpful, though she forgot things a few times, which was a bummer.All in all, if you find yourself in Providence, looking to blow a fair amount of money on a good meal, you could do a lot worse than Ruth's Chris. I'm definitely a fan!Oh, and free valet parking. Sweet deal.|4|0|2
1-WF9A4i-0fI8XxCFbqrTA|6oa-O8pPzYAdBmWmgcTwew|4|Rick's is the kind of place where everyone is bound to have fun.  Whether you're there for a game, an outdoor round of bean bag toss, a mechanical bull experience, an embarrassing karaoke story, or some insanely hot wings, Rick's has it all.  Reasonably priced drinks are hard to come by these days but Rick's has a great tap selection and one of the few establishments that successfully balances the bar and kitchen.  Seriously though, the hot wings are hot.|1|0|1
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|yXY9g_UXhtISvvib_d8Czg|2|Really? That's it? Gotta admit, after all the hype I was expecting much more, much better. I try not to get too excited about the prospect of trying someplace for the first time- if you don't set the bar too high, you seldom get let down. But, A) it was our 4 year anniversary and I really was hoping for something special, and B) this place comes so highly recommended. So sure, my expectations were high. Okay, plenty of parking in an otherwise impossible part of town to find a space, that was nice. The decor is nice...just "nice", nothing I haven't seen before. We were greeted very enthusiastically and warmly by the the hostess and a fellow I assume was the front of house manager. So far so good. Our table was in the easy bake oven they call an atrium. Could have done without that placement on a 106 degree sunny day- but I didn't want to make a fuss or wait for another table. "Skippy", our waiter, was a little green and unsure of himself. But he was trying. He brought the bread pretty quick, but there was no hurry on that stale bread-stale bread with a thimble of plain olive oil, well I guess it's not plain exactly, they put it on a saucer with a salt shaker; I shit you not. As soon as the 3 tiny triangles of day-old bread and the bottle cap of olive oil came to the table I knew right away that I would not risk getting one of the intriguing sounding specials; neither the "dirty steak" or the roasted rabbit dish- there are so many ways to screw up a Delmonico steak, that I just couldn't trust a place that can't even do bread & oil right. And rabbit? There are maybe 2 places in the state that can cook a rabbit and I had no reason to bet on this place- not at a $35 price point, that's too rich a bet for my blood. So we ordered from the menu: Cod fish cakes, Linguine with Creamy Egg, Duck Bacon and Pea Tendrils, and "spicy" pizza. The fish cakes were decent, all 3 of them. Of course I could also get some great fried cod fish cakes at the local Cape Verdean market near my house, and I could pay about 5 bucks for 5 of em, instead of $13.95 for 3!!!! The Pizza: it was okay, not really spicy, and not really something that I couldn't get down the street at Fellini's, across town at Bob & Timmy's, or better yet, in my own kitchen. I mean it was good- -just not sure it was 20 dollars good, ya know? The pasta: come on, don't tell me I'm the only one to have issues with a place in PROVIDENCE passing off mediocre pasta dishes at 4 star prices? Not when there's SO many other choices right in the neighborhood. Here's my free advice to the good folks in the back of the house; parmigiano-reggiano is plenty salty on its own, you don't need to pour on the salt- leave that salt cellar in your bread basket, if that's your thing. And if you're going to entice people with terms like "duck bacon" then maybe have something on the plate that looks and taste at least a little unlike Bac~Os brand bacon bits!!! So glad I didn't order desert. At least I got out of there for a LITTLE under a hundred bucks. Almost entertained the idea of trying it again sometime before I wrote a review (I'm a pretty fair guy) but no, if you can't put a basket of bread on the table, I just don't trust you. [and I'm not saying that I want bread, I don't- leave it the hell off the table like most of your better establishments do now-a-days. ] Just don't decide to do something, and then screw it up. It's not rocket science, its basic table service/first impression stuff; restaurant 101|2|2|3
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|-PGD0QpgJyoucfviKB6Y-w|4|Tazza fits in beautifully on the recently refurbished Westminster Street. Of course, most people in Providence can't afford to buy anything from the swanky designer shops that have taken up residency there, but boy oh boy, it's certainly nice to window shop and remember what downtown was like in the bad old days.The coffee is great a Tazza, and so are the salads and a number of the starters (my dining partner was almost reduced to licking the plate clean after consuming her order of bruschetta - luckily the waitress swooped in before she embarrassed herself...). The space is stylish and inviting - including a bar with tables for drinks in the back , but in the winter it is incredibly cold inside when the place isn't full of people.  Be sure to insulate your clothing with spare $100 bills before going in for lunch.|1|0|1
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|K2GXS6XJyXu01FC6_FKmNg|3|A solid BBQ joint. It's not the best I've ever had but it gets the job done. It's real nice to have it in the neighborhood. You really can't go wrong anytime you're eating ribs.|0|0|0
YwHAVxQyHC3NekG8wUTtew|IWynSSfMU5kPeYEs6G4raw|4|Good place for beers.|0|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|zD7iHv-sVQe98kuNoAS_Xw|4|Very nice place..was packed even on Tuesday night..many couples couldn't get a table..the pizza was awesome and the baked pasta was fantastico!!perfect for a date.|1|1|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|-9-JsNrNYIt5PzLLA4lnUQ|4|I haven't been here in a couple years. However, last night in the book I am reading the woman ate a falafel wrap and the craving I got for East Side Pocket was almost strong enough to get me out of bed and down to Pvd. The falafel is so good and with the coolness of the cukes, oooh yumma.|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|F6MPrQ5oxQL2Wq1v5ENDzA|3|Went there for restaurant week ...got a 3 course meal for $29.95..not a bad deal for an expensive restaurant...I picked the gnocchi appetizer, the duck entree and the creme brule dessert....all of them ....were forgettable...nothing was outstanding...nothing rocked my world !?!?   LOL!    I have had better gnocchi appetizers, better tender roast duck and better tasting creme brule at other places....for a lot less.......I don't think I would go back any time soon...  Service was attentive but slow....the bread was good....especially the rosemary bread and the honey bread....|1|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|4TCOItk-gIJROyNA5ftZ-Q|2|good idea, poor execution. the burgers just aren't that good.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|8RcOuoC2eoI92LIbOkeAoQ|4|Satisfying burgers, especially if you build your own. I tried the turkey burger which was solid; my husband had the beef version, which he liked a lot. The gorgonzola tater tots are not much like tater tots--more like arancini (rice balls), indulgent and really best to share.We sat outside, which I would recommend doing if the weather is at all nice. Our server was a high-energy philosophy major (who knew?) who was sweet as well as professional. Somehow, we forgot about the alcohol-infused shakes! Good reason to come back.|0|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|J4t2OEgm7EaBA2zDCoKQ1g|5|The breakfast and lunch are delicious. They have so many things to choose from. I liked that they had everything laid out and I got to choose everything I wanted in my omlette! It was so yummy and flavorful!The general manager is really friendly too.|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|C1K9VHWJuBInQTNBEfWqhw|4|This is a really cute place. Went there on a Saturday afternoon with the wife and enjoyed a leisurely late lunch outside on the back patio. I had a fancy cocktail and a Mexican crepe that was really good, my wife enjoyed her Eggs Benedict, and for dessert we shared a cupcake. Two things stopped it from being a five-star review:1. The cupcakes are...just all right. I'm spoiled by Crumbs cupcakes (they have a bunch of stores in NYC) so these just taste like regular ole' cupcakes to me. They're not terrible, but I wouldn't go out of my way for them.2. They allow dogs to chill on the patio which is cute, but when you're trying to eat and one of them is relieving himself in front of you it's not very cute.I would love to come back at night one of these days and hang on the patio as the food/drinks were good, service was great, and I like to chill...:)|1|0|1
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|qsHzI829rRUhQ_pCyqgfpA|3|Whether you like it or not, this place is now a staple of the downtown area of Providence. There are plenty of other great eats around, but TCF can be fun. It is in a cool spot and is conveniently attached to the mall...so a movie after is always a nice follow-up. The food is typically good like all their restaurants, but the wait is unbearable. You're looking at an 1 hour+ on a weekend night. If you can sneak a meal in, you won't be disappointed but you won't be blown away either and it certainly isn't worth their typical wait.|0|0|0
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|Jb8mgxnmyeeP-cgYzznVBA|4|Ten Prime was the go-to place whenever my roommate's dad dropped by to take our whole apartment out for dinner.  Steak + sushi = goodSteak + sushi + clam chowder = betterSteak + sushi + clam chowder + dessert = bestThe sushi was some of the best I've had in Providence- which, albeit, isn't saying a whole lot but the food overall was always quality and the ambience hip without being trendy.  One of the few drawbacks for me is that I could never afford this place on my own, at least not when I was a poor student.|0|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|gE-5s1PtmW5EDXoe3ClLBw|1|Both times I visited I became ill - once seriously enough to visit a clinic.I can't imagine cooking raw meats and food on one grill continuously could be healthy or safe. You probably won't get the value of what you spend. Save yourself some grief (and possibly illness) and try out one of the nearby restaurants.|2|0|0
I8dgF5_UENHKJwb0k8J49Q|IF9jWNtiHUd_UbOGfwHtYw|4|As a URI alum, when I heard that "Falafel Dave" of Emporium fame  opened a place on Thayer St, walking distance from my office, I had to give it a try.Baja does not disappoint. The cheese steaks are awesome! The burritos are good. The fries are awesome, but be sure to ask for the seasoning on them!The store is narrow so when there is a line, it is a little difficult to move. Overall, give this spot a try! And really, don't forget to "shake it, and take it!"|0|0|0
9H1o-FdVnFrwKDDqTB5oBA|KzuLDzxaFculBjqSS-6ozw|5|A good burger joint has been conspicuously missing from the Providence East Side.  My friends and I were excited to try out Ugly American shortly after it opened on Ives Street. The food was all around fantastic; our burgers were all cooked to a perfect medium (I had the Grilled Cheese Deluxe--an over the top, tasty, and surprisingly not too greasy option). We ordered some buffalo wings, and while they weren't sauced with Frank's RedHot or something similar as we expected, they were delicious. A little on the sweet side.The sweet potato and regular fries were crispy and well-seasoned, and still had some skin on them, which is nice because I like evidence that my fries came from a real-life potato. I was pleasantly surprised by the fried pickles--not something I would normally order, but we did so anyway at my roommate's insistance. Slices of pickles and banana pepers were fried in a batter whose texture was almost like tempura.  I will definitely return. Awesome.|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|bSrM-HMcBN2dsqyhOTEMdA|2|My girlfriend and I stopped at Tazza on a Monday night before a show at PPAC. We arrived an hour and 45 minutes before the event, which should have been plenty of time for dinner. Pluses: It's open on Monday night. There seems to be an unwritten rule that most restaurants in this immediate area are closed on Mondays. The waitstaff was polite and very nice. The food was good; not great -- but the quality matched the prices, which I thought were reasonable.Minuses: The service was spotty. The waitress forgot my drink order. We ordered an appetizer (fried calamari), a plate of pasta and a panini. The food was slow to arrive; fortunately we ordered before the restaurant started filling up because there were at least a half-dozen tables around us that never got their food and had to leave for the show hungry. We asked for a box after our meal was finished and our waitress never brought it, even after walking by our table three times to fetch items for other customers. We had to ask another waitress to get a box and just barely made it to the event in time.Overall: Decent decor, good food, polite but inexperienced/slow service. Slow kitchen.|1|0|0
KU3o2bfHa-igvS7DgnpzDw|Imkgc40wELHzYycw-uYILQ|2|This review is strictly for the restaurant:Even though the wait staff was extremely friendly, I have to say the food was sub par.  I was going in not expected much, and thats exactly what I got.  My chicken teriyaki was alright, something I definitely could have made myself.  The sushi was ehhh not so fresh.  And the udon my sister got was bland and boring.One good thing is that it is CHEAP!  You get what you pay for I guess...I dont know about the other restaurants in the area but this was definitely a miss.|1|1|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|hpw7UrWf51aaWKbaGGJ2hA|5|I certainly wasn't going to let my previous failure to dine at Al Forno, due to it being closed, deter me from making it a priority stop at some point during my trip. This restaurant essentially defined fine dining in Providence several decades ago, and the owners have since released several cookbooks to cash in on their notoriety in the area. Along with Bob and Timmys (http://www.yelp.com/biz/bob-and-timmys-grilled-pizzas-providence-2#hrid:YZuSctX-rTadGx0uwSuctw) they made the GQ top pizzas list for their grilled creations, most notably the eggplant version.Given the amazing experience with the recommended pie at B and T, it was relatively easy to go with the one that was suggested here. A slight difference that readers should be aware of, especially if you've read the article as it can be a bit misleading, is that at Al Forno the pizzas are merely served as an appetizer style and not the main offering like Bob and Timmys. Granted, their appetizer size portion is pretty damn big as you can see from the picture (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wedoitforlove/4145446610/in/set-72157622901501162/), but it does limit your choices if you want to get one. Having said that, there isn't much need for a large selection, because they have crafted a masterful combination of ingredients and executed them perfectly with their specialty eggplant pizza. It comes in the famous Providence grilled style, and is topped with pomodoro, eggplant, fresh herbs, 2 types of cheeses and extra virgin olive oil. The flavor is so distinct you will be comparing pizzas to this for quite some time, and it has to be one of the best "appetizers" I have ever had in any restaurant.Already feeling pretty content, it was time for the main course. I decided to buy into the hype from the reviews here and try the infamous "Dirty Steak." It's worth mentioning to anyone doing restaurant research who may be wondering why everyone keeps referencing it yet they can't find it, it's because they don't list it on the website, or even the menu, but the server will tell you about it at your table. The price also isn't given, but it was $43 for me, about $10 more than any other entree on the menu. The steak itself is cooked medium-rare by design, and then carved for you into small bites (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wedoitforlove/4145447084/in/set-72157622901501162/), and drizzled with a supposed sour and spicy sauce, although I definitely got no heat in mine. It's a good steak, sure, but I don't think there's anything too special about it, and I doubt it's that much better than many of the other offerings here. In hindsight I definitely would have gone another route. I couldn't resist pairing the steak with the vegetable special of the day, the tempura style fried zucchini blossoms (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wedoitforlove/4144688285/in/set-72157622901501162/), stuffed with ricotta cheese (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wedoitforlove/4145447144/in/set-72157622901501162/) and more zucchini. These were pretty damn tasty, but I think some of the unique blossom flavor was lost in the frying.The finishing touch was put on in the form of a mammoth dessert, the likes of which I rarely see in such nice establishments. Most places nowadays trend towards smaller, intensely flavored morsels, but I guess that good hearty Italian spirit shines here with the desire to please the guest to the utmost. You are encouraged to order your dessert at the same time as the rest of your meal, as they are all homemade, and to be fair the majority of them are suggested to be eaten by 2 people. Mine didn't have that warning but it easily could have. I couldn't resist the sound of the cinnamon ice cream sandwich (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wedoitforlove/4144688211/in/set-72157622901501162/), and I was not disappointed in the slightest bit. It comes out as 4 to 5 scoops of delicious ice cream, on top of and beside 2 very moist brownies. This dessert kicks ass. I wish I had someone to share it, because I know my heart wasn't happy with my after, but I couldn't resist eating almost the entire damn thing it was just that good.As for the restaurant itself, it's in a great spot overlooking the water, and if you're lucky you can get a table facing that way. The layout is kind of odd, and if it seems backed up downstairs because so many people want to eat outdoors, I suggest heading up to "the bar" where there are actually quite a lot of tables on the second floor. We walked in on a really busy Thursday night and sat down almost immediately. There is also a parking lot designated just for Al Forno customers, which is free as long as you're eating here, and really useful as parking in this area seemed pretty clustered.|3|0|2
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|Xi_nxf_3Givn_pB8cuaq5A|5|I try to come in weekly on Wednesday night for the upstairs bar. The bartender is fantastic and hilarious; if it's not too busy, he is pleased to make small chit-chat. Red lights everywhere with the lights turned down, lots of taxidermy on the walls, odd bits of artwork. You might even see a paper-mach bunny wearing a black top hat surrounded by whiskey bottles on the bar counter, as well as a smiling cat with a cowboy hat and sheriff's badge as a candle holder. Fear not. Music is great too, lots of shoegaze and post-punk, and occassionally the Theme from Twin Peaks. If you're looking more along the lines of a normal bar with lots of seating, brighter lights, and a place where football is on the television, you may want to scoot boots. If you're planning to get rowdy and cause a stir, definitely look elsewhere. But its still a great place, and there is a downstairs bar as well thats a little quieter. Food is also marvelous, I rarely eat cheese but the Fez makes a great quesidila. See, I didn't spell that right. But you know what I mean.|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|uMSNXawulpm9TxrLgm_k5Q|3|I landed at Tazza for lunch today after shopping at the very fun CRAFTLAND! across the street.  Actually my friend and I walked around several blocks first, looking for a place to get food, before ending up at Tazza.  And it was fine.  The menu was heavy on the breakfast items, and we wanted lunch.  They had a couple of vegetarian sandwich options, but one of the omelettes sounded good to me, so I had that.  It was filled with roasted red peppers, portobello mushrooms, spinach, kalamata olives, and feta cheese.  It was served with mediocre homefries and some pretty good toast.  The iced tea was good.  My friend had the strawberry/nutella special crepe (how could one go wrong with that??).  I got a caffe ciocolatta and a hazelnut biscotti afterwards, and we sat and chilled for a while; it was comfortable and nice.  They had some musicians setting up and by the time we were done, the place was packed.  Service was mediocre overall (mainly just slow) but it was fine.  I'd go back again if I was in the neighborhood I guess, but I wouldn't take a special trip.|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|Z1K_XUH1EsVxyDfhqRe8NA|5|I grind and brew my coffee at home.  The beans come from the Coffee Exchange.  They have a great selection of authentic beans from all over the world.  My personal staple is the Ethiopian French roast.  They are always roasting, and one of their roasts is on sale.  Cheaper than Starbucks and this is the real deal coffee house.  Great spot to have a cup and people watch.  Baked goods from local spots.  My favorite coffee hands down.  All the coffee is fair trade and mostly organic.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|FiV2gXMeb3FjsxENgmzmsw|5|I was working in Providence and had to grab a quick bite before taking the train back to Boston, so I followed some hungry looking college kids into this little spot on Thayer.  Holy falafel!  Seriously the best falafel I've ever had.  The veggie wrap had the perfect proportion of hummus and tzatziki sauce.  Really yummy cheap eats.|0|0|1
rdvWYwtOW6Mw_LTNAqlsQQ|KThRHbS3QSsIOJ0iESVsGQ|4|Vanity is where I chose to have my 30th birthday celebration at. 30 of my closest friends got together, and enjoyed DELICIOUS dinners, Creative & Fun cocktails and danced the night away. They did not stop talking about that party for days to come. The management team there treated us like we were hollywood stars, offering a bottle of champagne, giving us the best corner of the very cozy establishment, and that day they just happened to have booked a celebrity DJ from the West Coast.  It really was an amazing and fun time, and I could not have picked a better place to celebrate my birthday! some of the dishes on the menu are better than those you'll find on Federal Hill. Including the Pork dish that several of my friends could not stop talking about. The Italian Egg Rolls make a great appetizer. And, everyone bypassed the normal beer and liquors for their very average priced, delicious and creative cocktails. Now, I recognize that this location can be very hit or miss for evening entertainment. It depends on who they have as a D.J. But, it is DEFINITELY worth giving a shot. I love the place and hope it sticks around for a long long time.|0|0|0
ooNlNmDvLdmPuR_b_b2Rww|fuGHOJoalAnnVlIIm_BDhw|4|Solid sandwich spot.|1|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|gE-5s1PtmW5EDXoe3ClLBw|3|Brickyway is a little dinette with easy and appetizing breakfast options. It's small so there can be a wait on weekend morning.I chose the standard bacon and eggs which were cooked well, not greasy, and not regretful.|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|g3n_4X2B9hF4Sqe0Hbx2HA|3|Came here for my first night in Providence and I have to say I truly enjoyed it here. Instead of getting an entree, I stopped by and came for their happy hour special of oysters and clams and made a meal out of appetizers. Their oysters are quite good - though I was disappointed by their clams. Not really worth it even though they are only a little over $1 each for happy hour. What I loved the most was their Corn soup - DELICIOUS.|0|0|0
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|g3n_4X2B9hF4Sqe0Hbx2HA|5|Superb dining. I came here mostly for their oyster happy hour special and was surely not disappointed. Served impeccably the oysters were delicious and clean - topped with a gracious amount of horseradish and it just made my day. I looked over their menu and was quite interested in their Curry Lobster Risotto appetizer dish. For an appetizer, it is quite large and overall delicious. The curry was never overpowering and they provided large amounts of lobster in it. All and all, a wonderful dish to top of my meal of oysters.|0|0|0
ooNlNmDvLdmPuR_b_b2Rww|boSsem5VxkmlYZ6WVH3hcQ|5|Fantastic!  I was excited to hear that a deli was opening up on the East Side and couldn't wait to get over there and check it out.  It is definitely the real deal!Many of the meats are made in house and from what I was able to sample, are made well too.For me, pastrami on rye is the standard bearer of all good deli's and can quickly separate the good from the mediocre.  Dok's pastrami falls in the latter category - it was moist and lean (come on people, would anyone ever order a fatty pastrami?  - so why do so many sandwich places serve it that way?), flavorful and had just a touch of spice to it.  Would I order it again?  Absolutely! (I wish I could get over there today for one).The staff there were also friendly and accommodating, with the owner (I think) himself checking in with us to ensure that we were satisfied.Head on over and get yourself a real NY-style deli sammy for yourself and someone you love (or just snag two for yourself - it'll be worth it)|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|hIlUHCTdHuGQ6YL1NhdIPg|3|First off, the food is amazing!! I haven't had anything there I did not thoroughly enjoy. I would have given it 5 stars if it weren't for our service the last time we ate there. As soon as we sat down, we felt incredibly rushed! I usually like to sit for at least a couple minutes to decide what I would like to drink..she literally waited like 30 seconds to come ask us what we would like to drink, then immediately asked if we were ready to order..really? I don't think we had even looked at the food menu!!! I basically just ordered an app so she would leave us alone for 5 minutes!! Well, that didn't happen, because as soon as she brought our drinks asked if we were ready to order entrees!!  Ahhhhh!!!! Luckily everything there is great so we just quickly picked something. The place was actually pretty slow, since it was earlier on a weeknight, so Im pretty sure she was looking to get out early or something ;) This was a night out for my Husband and myself for our anniversary. We had a sitter..wanted to get out for a while. Needless to say, we we're home much earlier than expected..haha! We will definitely go back! The food is too good not too!!|0|0|0
wvzMYKKidWIWgPHFXeUW1g|UYr1ggT6WLYDghC-2tpzwg|2|Good if you just want to grab nime chow for a quick small lunch. As for everything else the portions are super small and therefore really over priced. The inside is just about empty, they really have not done anything to the place to convince me that they are going to be there for the long haul.|0|0|0
uJA6Perynk-drhKfX5Fh4w|eRX4tjUzNE0LGLwbGdkqwg|5|One night (before I discovered Stanleys) I wanted some onion rings. So I ventured out to JR. I was pleasantly surprised by this location. I was expected a moody teenanger with bad acne and an attitude to serve me.Instead I had happy go lucky college boy with a smile. He even recommened things to us! And gave us nickels for the mini juke box.The food is just like any JR, no surprise there.Our server checked on us frequently, held conversations and smiled a lot.I would go to this location again!|0|0|0
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|Ysg8T_RVFhQEz_FLulTUtQ|4|My family and I were in Providence just for one night before heading home so I looked on yelp to see what good eats are around and so I found this food truck.  I was definitely excited to try some of the items after reading the reviews.  We tried the beef bulgogi rice plater, beef slider, chicken wrap and the seafood pajeon. Food was indeed flavorful and the prices were pretty great for Korean BBQ.  Wish I could try more of their dishes but we already had enough food.|1|0|1
pZnk9tKEHrEIHq0NfSzXRA|X2Vztu1xlYOEB3Igo9MMZg|4|What a great spot! Very different from other Providence restraints. It is very small  (cozy) but seating is limited and you may end up standing and eating (which isn't really a problem).Everything we had was fantastic. Everything is prepared right before your eyes. The staff is almost eager to answer questions and describe the food.It is BYOB and Eno Fine Wines is right next door so it is a match made in heaven. I highly recommend a good Spanish Rioja and some tapas.|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|4xcTqT5v1H-BXYSn-RzAjw|5|AWESOME.Seriously everything was delicious.... straight up delicious. However, be very aware that each plate FOR SURE can be shared between two. It does not look like a ton of food at alllll. It really is though. We all ordered one plate each and went home with the majority of our food. Its super cheap too!I got the Legumes Combination which was a sample fo all 3 legumes dishes and it was $10. My friends got a 2 meat combination plate which came with choice of 2 meats and 7 vegetarian dishes! It was about $18.00, keep in mind they got 3 meals as well :)Seriously, just go there.|1|1|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|6UQ6NhuXORZHC7HC7S-uqQ|2|I probably should have read the Yelp reviews before coming here, but I just had the absolute worst huevos rancheros ever at Louis' - unmelted grated cheddar cheese, lukewarm, undrained black beans on a bed of undercooked home fries - topped off with ice cold salsa on two eggs. As a bonus, it came with no tortillas. No amount of kitschy hipster decor can forgive underwhelming food. If you must do breakfast on the East Side, consider the Brickway instead.|1|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|CWZt6lnPbf2zM_thm9585g|4|I liked their menu a lot.  There's a great diversity of fusion items from many different types of cuisines.  My dinner was Korean pork strips with polenta and veggies for $14.  The korean pork was ok.  Grilled well but the marinade wasn't quite right.  It was garnished well with picked radishes and shallots.  The polenta was good and its texture and taste were spot on.  The atmosphere is hipster trendy but seemingly random items like the Sidekicks sitcom photo in the bathroom were odd but interesting.  Don't understand their love for Schlitz either.  My macrobrew was $5.|1|0|0
1M5pHJqGLL_-t74M37uQ0Q|h8Eagh24Ys6wljL3iQQhVg|4|Parkside has never dissapointed me. The staff is attentive (albeit a bit stiff, friendly goes a long way) and the food is wonderful. Good midrange prices, comfortable atmosphere and although I've never had the hankering to sit on North Main street, maybe I'll check it out when the weather gets better!|1|0|1
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|Wb3lr1zYbESrUqpnDqcc_g|4|The meal was delicious and the service excellent.  I've been a few times now and each time I really loved my meal.  I've had  some of their salads as well as some of the pastas.  I loved the gnocchi and the lasagna.  I'd go back for either one!I've only tried some of the wines by the glass but looking forward to going back and sampling some unusual italian varietals.Note: its a bit of a hard place to find.  But, if you can find the Hot Club, you're good to go!|2|0|2
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|pHXVQ0ypzTd7Jy7qBDOAJw|3|I enjoyed my first Duck and Bunny experience, and appreciate that it's designed to be an "experience", enough to return a month later, but  I'm just not quite in the fan zone.I couldn't resist getting the Mazzy Star crepe with earthy mushrooms, truffle oil and fontina cheese a second time. I dig the side of greens with the perfect tangy, light dressing. It was fun to sample a variety of tea sandwiches but they weren't  special aside from being dainty and artfully served. Some of them could've just as easily been served on a bulkie roll at an deli. I'm just not getting the cupcake buzz. I think they do a great job of making flavorful frostings just-sweet-enough with a soft texture, but 3 out of 4 of the cupcakes I've sampled have been throat-cloggingly dry. Thank god for the milk! Love the name "snuggery", but the atmosphere to me feels more chic than cozy; maybe my cozy sensibilities are just more traditional.|4|1|4
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|2WzdS28bt1xXJMf4U5KNbA|1|over-priced (only order from pre-fixed menu.  sounds like a lot of food, but its worth it, compared to getting the same thing for 2/3 of the price)waiters/waitresses/hostess snobby (i'm sorry i just got off an 8 hour flight and i dont look all glamorous. oh and BTW yes i want more bread dammit don't ask me why)oh yeah, and i think they didnt want to seat us at first because we werent dressed up... ended putting us in the back by the barSHAZAM!  YOU'VE BEEN SMACKED ON YeLP (our waiter for some reason would sneak up on us and exclaim "SHAZAM" before he did anything for us.  also just tell me you want to pick up our plates, instead of doing the staredown)|0|3|1
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|rj5MD0bCdamXoBmF_5wSwA|4|I miss going to Kabob and Curry now that I'm 1000 miles away for college.  The portions look small compared to typical American restaurant portions, but I often couldn't finish my food!  Very filling, quite tasty, and everything I've ever had has been meltingly tender.  If you're looking for super authentic Indian, the staff will admit that most of it is adjusted for average American tastes and isn't exactly what an Indian would make at home; it's most notable in the spice levels.  Vindaloo for me normally means, "the burning of a thousand suns is in my mouth, please bring me more mango lussi before I die" but it isn't nearly so spicy here.  The price is right, too, and boy, are all those college kids with this restaurant accepting their meal plan lucky bastards...|3|2|2
IL96KSxK3ov1m-1WQV8MLQ|SwVqXFmnWh6TDKCEba_Bcg|3|Like many downtown dwellers, I was dying for this place to open up. It looks great and has a cheery and airy atmosphere. I hope they smooth out their beginners' kinks because I want them to do well. First visit, opening week: Ordered regular hot drip coffee. It was excellent. BTW, instead of wood or plastic coffee stirrers, they have dry fettucini noodles. Cute! And eco friendlySecond visit: Hot pour-over coffee. Awful. Like, undrinkable awful. Third visit: Latte. It was bad. Someone had to walk the barista through the process of making my latte. I get you have to train your new employees, but maybe do it with drinks that customers aren't paying for?Fourth visit: I learned my lesson. I was back to a hot drip coffee. This time I decided to order to the hot donuts that everyone was raving about. They touted the fact that they come out hot right out of the machine. Well when I placed my order, I was given donuts that had been sitting in the basket, so they had already been made and no longer hot. I know it's picky, but I wouldn't have ordered them if I knew they weren't hot. Pros: Great pastries and sandwiches. Friendly staff. Cool chalkboard wall thing. "A" for effort.|2|0|0
QadrDmx4k6Tl7QDz4fAWdg|Rvn-Ymc8_9z4vbcm2ZwenQ|4|Good indie coffee shop near the university. Wish there were more seating inside. Cappuccino was great!|0|0|0
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|3jy7gXnUrtorMQPb4lB4pQ|5|Just what I wanted! My girlfriend and I got a craving for BBQ after smelling a neighbor cooking on their grill. We found United here on Yelp and headed over to try it. No disappointment here! Food is served quickly, is hot, is fairly-priced, and is delicious! I had the pulled pork plate with mashed potatoes, rice, and corn bread. Honestly, the corn bread was not very good. It was dry and flavorless. I didn't mind, though. That wasn't why I had come. The rice and potatoes were both quite good. Man, that pulled pork was tasty. I will definitely be going back asap! Now I'm hungry for it again :(|0|0|0
e3OqPQ6ayfhIXI04FXy3Ig|hhdpFb1_nPJ-_xXArhYR0A|1|BEWARE.I wanted to treat my little sister to some frozen yogurt, so I went to Juniper. She asked for some kiwis and strawberries on her yogurt, and when she took a bite, they tasted rotten. I suggested she ask the man behind the counter (older guy, white hair, glasses...) for another one, this time plain. When she asked him for another one, he acted like he had no idea what she was saying...after the 5th time she explained that the kiwis tasted rotten he looked baffled, took the spoon in the kiwi bowl, TOOK A BITE, shrugged as if they tasted fine, and then PUT THE SPOON BACK IN-the same spoon he uses to serve customers! Finally, after that whole ordeal he reluctantly gave her some plain yogurt. 1. bad customer service2. rotten fruit3. super unsanitary! 4. i won't support that business any longer......5. sorry if i ruined your favorite froyo place.|2|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|2OeQ7STcH4VNY9ilt4QDvg|2|We came here for dinner before heading over to see the Waterfire on 8/14.  This place was recommended by a friend.  We walked in and man there are a lot of options on the blackboard.  So much reading.  And the staff kept rushing us.  Dude chill out we just got in.  The staff is not worth my money.  Not helpful at all & keeps chit-chatting among themselves when there are customers.  We got the cheese pizza to taste the quality of the cheese, tomato sauce & crust.  I was very tempted by the other options though!!!  So hard.  I got the menu pamphlet afterwards and they actually have more specialty pizza than on the blackboard.  And I saw one that I want on it so asked them if we can pay the difference and get that instead.  They said no.  Oh Em Gee how hard is that?  We ordered a cheese pizza for Christsake  you can sell it as slices.  Oh well.  Major negative on service points.  Got the cheese pizza fairly quickly.  It is very thin and somewhat crisp.  This cheese pizza is different.  It is dough, cheese and then topped with tomato sauce here and there.  The cheese was rough though.  The tomato sauce was good if you can get to it.  I felt it's kind of short on the tomato sauce.  The pizza crust was good for the 1st slice.  On my 2nd slice it was a lot more chewier after the pizza rested while we ate the 1st slice.  it was a turn-off.  The flavor combo hmmm not satisfying.  Yea I left pretty unsatisfied but thinking it's because I got the cheese pizza and not one w/ toppings.  But don't think I'm going back to it.  Staff not good.  Price too high.  There are plenty of other places in Providence worth my money.  These pizzas are expensive.  Specialty pizzas run for $20 and plain cheese pizza for $15.  Clean looking.  Plenty of tables.  One bathroom.|2|0|0
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|5oZsL2VNNUWW0JauD9JDFQ|3|good food and drinks, good prices, great location, but subpar service.|0|0|0
1M5pHJqGLL_-t74M37uQ0Q|jwtTBTYuL8249q26lmJH6A|4|Went here today for lunch for restaurant week. Love the decor, good service. We both loved our food. My friends chinese chicken salad was amazing. We got the dumplings, croquettes, beef bourgouinnon, the salad, and berry crisps. Everything was good. My only complaint is my food was boiling hot when it came out, even ten minutes later it was too hot to eat so I burned my tongue. Temperature control may be something to work on here but we will definitely be back.|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|wZvS3HrdcOrLFQFAHr72KQ|4|The food was great! What an exciting new experience. We had the vegetarian sambussa to start and a yam type of appetizer that was spicy and delicious (I highly recommend both!). My husband got the Doso Wot (a chicken dish) and I got the meat combination dish with Doso Wot and Lamb Berbere, plus several vegetarian combinations. It's customary to eat with your fingers, which is exactly what we did. We scooped up our foot with pieces of injera, a sourdough flat bread that had a slightly citrus tang. My order was originally for one, but was made for two, so I ended up with plenty of leftovers. Overall, the food was delicious but the wait was long and service took a while. However, we were there on a busy Friday night so a wait was expected. Also, it's important to note this place is BYOB, which we love! The price was very reasonable ($55 includes tax & tip) for two people, plus we had plenty of food to take home. I highly recommend this place if you're in the Providence area and are looking for a unique dinning experience.|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|UzuWDca3LHVgzFv01HECYg|5|What superlatives are left?  I've eaten seared scallops and gnocchi at the bar and the five-course tasting with my honey.  Plus a number of special dinners for four in between. The menu is imaginative, the food is very very good, and the service is knowledgeable and attentive, but never pushy.  I get to eat in some pretty good restaurants around the US and this is one of the favorites.  The menu changes seasonally.  Be adventurous, but try the gnocchi, scallops, short ribs, confit.|0|0|0
VmWymzt1wSYtjpm6oDXFjA|eb1C6UJdc9a_a7twYMIxyQ|4|The drunken noodles here are awesome! I get them everytime I come, I haven't tried much else but I've also gotten the tom yum a couple times (which was okay). I've only been to Sawadee once (got the make your own noodle bowl) and it was okay- I'll edit this once I try their drunken noodles for comparison.|1|0|0
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|e24bt6h1OPlHYFWKdhr1ig|5|Amazing !!! I had the 5 cheese baked pasta with corn (great combo).  You have the option to have it without the corn but I'm glad I followed the recommendation of our server.  My bf had a chicken dish with polenta (sprinkled with powdered sugar). Let's just say I will be trying to recreate both dishes at home. In regards to the service, no complaints.  We called ahead of time for directions and was told there was a two hour wait @ 7:30. Mind you they close @ 10pm. They don't take reservations, however, they put my name on the list over the phone although that isn't a common practice.  The maitre'd offered to give me a buzz 15 min before the table was ready. He didn't have to do that but he did. I'm so glad he did.The trip to Providence was worth it!  I have been longing to try Al Forno, I will return one day.  I vowed to find the 5 cheese pasta recipe online. Mission accomplished:http://www.marthastewart.com/recipe/baked-pasta-with-tomato-cream-and-five-cheeses|1|1|1
mdqwn32B4RVJI8_MQLXXHg|nWSxq7oUGbHdnKEyak0oow|4|I love this place! Mostly for the green tea froyo. I have tried other flavors and havn't been as satisfied. Here's a dirty little secret: sometimes I go here for dinner. I put a little fruit on top and call it healthy. Booyah! I love that since you do all the serving and topping yourself you can get the perfect ratio of candy/fruit to froyo. You can pick as many different toppings as you want so don't feel limited. You'll pay for it at the end when you plop your masterpiece on the scale.|0|0|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|1fexZh02vL9UBNZR1V4y_Q|4|We've been here a few times over the past couple of years, both for lunch and dinner, and have never had a bad experience.  Last night was no exception.  We arrived a few minutes before our 6:15 reservations and were seated immediately.  Our server arrived at our table promptly and was attentive and efficient throughout the evening.I ordered a boatload of oysters as an appetizer and my fiancee had the macadamia shrimp (I poached some of them from her as well).  The oysters were fresh and clean and it's been more than 12 hours since I ate them and no food poisoning here.  And the macadamia shrimp is one of our top five appetizers of all time.For entrees I had a salmon with lump crab and asparagus (think oscar style sans the sauce) served over some lentils.  The salmon was cooked perfectly, with a nice crispy skin and tender meat, and the lentils, which I normally don't see served as a side at restaurants, were also quite tasty.  My fiancee had the baked stuffed shrimp, which she loved.  I can't wait to snack on the couple that she couldn't finish later on today.We ordered the key lime pie for dessert, and that was also quite good.  It was a little denser than what I normally expect in a key lime pie, almost a cheesecake density, but not quite.  It was refreshing and tasty and I would definitely order it again.Overall, our dining experience at Hemenway's was very good.  I like that valet parking in the garage is free for dinner.  I guess I didn't give it five stars because I reserve those reviews for over-the-top good restaurants, and while Hemenway's is very good and we will definitely return, it's not quite awesomely fabulous.|0|0|0
pZnk9tKEHrEIHq0NfSzXRA|_iL7SyN1p0nXBAa4rudgfQ|5|Oh man, very few things short of perfect!!Don't expect a stylized "SPANISH" cafe, where you can dine at a small table beneath a papier mache bull and plastic leg of ham or something.  It is as unpretentious and minimalist as you can imagine.  Were it not on Westminster, attached to a swanky liquor and wine store, I might even call it a hole in the wall.  It's run by this guy, who must be, what, like 25??  He is of a small build and has a mullet-like hair arrangement, and goes out for a ciggie  between meals.  He's also from Asturias, Spain, and that's always encouraging.Despite the lack of fake hams or whatnot, it is actually very Spanish, and I should know as my husband is a proud Spaniard, who is very judgmental of anything trying to emulate his homeland, and even he was impressed.  It is a small spot with only about 2 tables, tiled floors and walls, a window seat, and a bar.  They dole out delicious tapas (sized to share between maybe 2 people), of some of the most authentic Spanish food this side of the Atlantic.  They even had his favorite Pimientos del Padron, the sweet green peppers that are served sauteed in olive oil and sea salt.  So simple, so tasty.   So unavailable in the US - I don't know where the guy found them, but my husband was all teary eyed and smitten.It is a BYOB, so, really, you could say the wine list is amazing - it is whatever you make it! :)And you have the freedom to spread out and move about the restaurant and mingle.  Nothing more Spanish than that...|6|3|4
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|JJ1mrB7csvHgSd4bHEuE2g|3|Changes in staffing and higher prices reduce Hemenway's appeal.Seafood via raw bar, however, remains incredibly fresh--think Pappasquash oysters, lobster, RI cherrystones.....Monday raw bar happy hour now the best bet, but again, service lacking.|0|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|BglwG4Vqk4dUcC8_Snb-Mg|3|This place cracks me up! There are all kinds of crazy objects all over the walls and ceilings and I'm sure they haven't changed any of the decor in forever. The service is very matter of fact and so is the food.Everything is tasty, but my favorite thing is their pancakes! They are sooo good and I'm a total pancake snob. Definitely nothing fancy so don't go in with any lofty expectations. Just take in the scene and enjoy some good and very inexpensive diner food! There is nothing else like it.|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|FlvxeXfNW8IHDYDIsHjSgg|5|Still amazing after 20+ years. Everything is good here. Slices, salads, canoli. I used to eat here every day when I lived across the street. Now I only get to go once every 5 years or so when I am in Providence. I make it point to visit when I am in town. Not to be missed.|1|0|1
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|NNgQ8fV5ARQgHw-Ob7l50A|4|In the wilds of Sakura  Restaurant, there are no rules.Traditional reservations here are meaningless, as Sakura operates on the oldest reservation system in the book - The Caveman system, where you earn your seat by pushing through the crowd and plonking your Alpha hunter ass right where you want it.If someone feels you have taken their seat unfairly, you can settle the dispute with a technique called "a fight" wherein one of you renders pressure via fists unto your opponent's face until they either take your seat or go to sleep on the ground.But that's enough about their massively meaningless system for getting a table. Sakura is a great BYOB and I would surely return to this place if I find myself in Providence again.It makes sense that Sakura is very popular, as the sushi is great and it is extremely cheap for the quality. The Loveboat for Two is a massive amount of delicious food and it is at a price point that simply makes no sense.Bring your own booze.They give you complimentary tempura green tea ice cream. How great is that?|2|0|0
-_FvwOM3_wku2zHiLjibgg|_kq78gxl0VA_oFxukVYTuw|5|AMAZING WEDDINGWe had our wedding reception there and it was to DIE for and everyone is still RAVING about the food a month later!My Italian family is tough to please, so we knew food was paramount to making everyone happy for this event. I even live in Michigan now (even though I am from Rhode Island) and Sean at Cafe Nuovo addressed all our concerns and did everything imaginable to make our day awesome. CUSTOMIZABLEJust about everything at Cafe Nuovo is customizable, from menu to seating to dance floor, so it was wonderful choosing them. INSANELY AWESOME MENUWe were able to have things on our menu that no other wedding we went to has had and people are still raving about the food a month later. These are people who have eaten all up the Eastern seaboard and back, so they know good food. We had:rabbit, duck,lamb, steak,sea bass, and a host of other amazing food.Everyone was blown away, especially by the Nuovo Cocktail- a yummy concoction of lobster, crap, watermelon, avocado, a cocktail shrimp and their special aurora sauce.  Everything was done to perfection and no one had a bad plate. Service was excellent and Sean attended to our every need. AN AMAZING TIME WAS HAD BY ALL!***P.S. Yes, the artwork is quite garish and should be removed/replaced. For amazing atmosphere, go to "Local 121" downtown- that is Art Deco heaven.  The reviews below that say that $75 is pricey for a dinner for two- I wonder where on earth they've eaten to compare?  Dinner for two for my husband and I at a moderately nice place is usually around $120 because we like to eat and are willing to pay. Also, the rabbit dish is NOT small.  Perhaps they were expecting a whole rabbit on top of the pasta???  I suggest people pay attention to review of those who have eaten all over the U.S. and know what is pricey and what is not.  you'll throw down $75 at any other Providence upscale restaurant too, so don't be fooled. Cafe Nuovo is worth it.  Instead of waiting at the bar, order an appetizer and start eating well ahead of 50 minutes.  For large events, service was no problem at all and everything was served with timed PRECISION. That's all I can say. I love them!|4|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|Yhotyln7QiqpPOfNij2LEw|3|Sakura.Honestly, I'm not sure why people love this place so much besides the prices are good.  The sushi is mediocre and the service is just ok... They are often asking to take my plate away before I am even finished.I usually only go to Sakura when my favorite providence sushi place (ran zan) is closed or too busy.The floor seating is pretty neat, as well as BYOB, but it often gets loud in here... and doesn't provide for an intimate dinner experience... Overall, I give Sakura a 3.5.  It's not my first choice.|2|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|IhmBr-yHC8xLjdnoq7O37w|4|I've been here for brunch and for dinner and both experiences were pretty good. I like the hipster vibe of the whole place. Everyone seems to know all the waitresses and each other.They welcome big groups and nerdy tech get togethers and tweetups, which I appreciate. Laptops are welcome with wi-fi and its a pretty OK place to work on one.I've never had a terrible service here. They're pretty slow, but I've never come here in a rush either.I really want to LOVE Tazza, and I think I'm almost there, but it's more of just a cool place to meet friends and get some food. I'd never tell someone they HAVE to try Tazza or anything extreme like that, so I'll stick with 4 stars on this one.|1|0|0
0cYGdh3BVnIiLxPB88fEUg|S4IE2EjxNN9t6RdIKFvGpQ|4|Great white chowder and clam cakes.  Have not tried the red, but I will next time.Good service at the counter.  Lunch special is a great deal, DO IT!|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|tPxkzaxXZyMAiS0d_pUJ1g|1|This place sucks food wise. I go here in a rush exhausted after traveling all day looking for a good burger and ordered kobe beef with bacon and cheddar and got some fake @ss kobe and they forgot the cheese. Didn't offer a refund just a new burger - didn't have time for a new burger. Then a 20oz beer was $6? so for 1 beer and a burger it came to about 20 bucks. place is a ripoff. nightlife isn't that much better inside...outside is nice tho due to location and nice places around it like rira.Further ruined my already crappy day.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|nHKC7KStpgItuhzv5pSGTA|5|Best falafel and kabob wraps in RI. Love the food, consistent and fresh. The service is always top notch even when it gets crowded at lunch.|0|0|0
mUMGNgo6x1Tlj75o-P3UHA|iJMDvVg6Mgl43is4XxIKsA|1|Oh, dear.  I had heard this place was really great, so when I found myself wandering around the mall and hungry this seemed like the best option.  Boy was I wrong.  Although my friend enjoyed her food, mine was sub par.  Very sub par.  I ordered the Calistoga, which consisted of cream of broccoli soup, vintner's salad, and a slider with cheddar.  The soup was fine, and actually pretty good, and the salad was acceptable, with the exception of the incredibly burned chicken pieces laying on top of it.  The burned chicken was bad enough, but the worst part of all was the slider, which is what I was looking forward to the most.  Although the manager claimed the meat was filet (who ever heard of making burgers with filet?  Other cuts stand up much better to being ground up and formed into patties, but I digress), it tasted incredibly awkward, as if there were bread crumbs or something in the meat mixture, and the burger itself seemed crumbly on the inside (not the texture I would look for in a burger) and more like a meatloaf texture.  It was just wrong!  Totally wrong!  Oh and PS, it was also incredibly charred on the outside.  Someone sure was grill-happy in the kitchen!  I couldn't finish the slider, nor could I stomach the burned chicken, and the manager took the dish off our bill.  I would like to take this moment to point out that I NEVER complain at restaurants, and although I'm a very discriminating eater, I generally try not to make trouble.  So the fact that I complained to the manager is a pretty big deal.  Also, although my friend enjoyed her grilled cheese, she said that her lemonade tasted like lemon-water, no sweetness of any kind.  You may as well save your money and just squeeze some lemon into your water.  Overall, a very disappointing experience.  I plan to avoid this place like the plague...|3|1|1
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|k2CngZAw8oswPFFQfO2sZQ|1|Hey y'all, update your hours and the days you are open. Also, do you really need to take the hanging sign down when you're not open? Or is that usually gone? You make it a bit tough to identify that you're closed (or even where you are). I guess this place is a bit too exclusive and cool for me.|1|1|0
AKfHinPZ5vdPdHRzpvSWtw|Wbwv4at33RscYwinLrxA4A|3|Sura in downtown Providence is the second location for this Rhode Island establishment. It is situated between Tazza and Small Point cafe ( also new). Although the outside window is covered in garish photos of menu items (I'm hoping this goes away after their grand opening) the restaurant is tastefully decorated with a clean, nature-inspired Japanese theme. The menu choices lean more heavily towards Japanese food and sushi, but they have standard Korean items too. While they do have a sushi bar, I didn't see any table grills for grilling your own meat. They also have a lunch menu, which should help attract the office professionals. I ordered the miso soup and the soft tofu jigae. The miso soup was hot and tasty. The soft tofu was just the right consistency, and hot enough to burn your mouth (in a good way!) The service was pretty slow but I'll chalk it up to opening week jitters. Hopefully they'll get more organized.|2|0|0
jFT6OdowrTlzt0VeJoStkg|PqEMzxn_7OHpqpwr0bXYkA|4|Let me note that I am not from New England and I have a passion for donuts. I love a good donut more than just about anything in the world. I am also pickier about what constitutes a good donut more than just about anything in the world. Thus, I was skeptical of Dunkin' Donuts for quite some time. The Thayer Street Dunkin' Donuts changed my mind. So far, it is the only Dunkin Donuts I have been able to find in the Federal Hill/Downtown/College Hill areas that offers three truly amazing varieties: Chocolate Kreme, Vanilla Kreme, and Butternut. The first two are the equivalent of half a can of store bought chocolate or vanilla frosting inside a raised powdered sugar donut. If you can survive the sugar overload, you are in for a sublime experience. The latter is, quite simply, the best cake donut that I have ever eaten: a rich (yet soft and light) yellow cake donut glazed and then covered with a crunchy, buttery crumb coating. The first time I had one I made several phone calls just to tell people how amazing it was.Also of note at this particular Dunkin' Donuts are the coffee rolls. Every other Dunkin' I have been to offers a fairly dry and bland unglazed coffee roll, but here they are glazed, frosted with maple or chocolate icing, and served fresh and soft. They are absolutely delightful. I also highly approve of the Apple and Spice and Boston Kreme varieties. If you seek a proper donut experience in Providence, don't just hit up any old Dunkin' Donuts. This one can't be beat. Don't expect to hang around, though; despite being the closest Dunkin' Donuts to Brown University, the restaurant only has two tables for customers.Sorry that I don't have a word to say about the coffee, the muffins, the bagels, or the breakfast sandwiches. As you can tell, I'm in this for the donuts.|1|1|1
gupc57VIn_IOUTMtPsGmkg|X2Vztu1xlYOEB3Igo9MMZg|4|I am baffled by the low reviews. I started going here recently after starting work in the area. They do rock solid sandwiches. The toppings are fresh and there is a good variety. The bread is good. They have a rotating set of specials and several regulars (the Mortise & Tenon is my favorite). Sandwiches come with a little salad, a piece of fruit, a yogurt, or a bag of chips.The service is good. The staff is always friendly. A couple of the ladies that are often behind the counter are kind of cut ups and will joke around with the customers. "What sandwich can I get for you Mr. Man." But, they are always fast even when they get slammed with a knot of people all at once.The only downsides are that their coffee is pretty average and they don't have a public restroom. I also love that they have RC Cola in the pop machine, makes me nostalgic.|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|C3SBuE9gJ5EPGN4La8OPsQ|5|Came back after 20 years and the counter is no longer plywood, but the pizza is still the best outside of Brooklyn.  Amazing gem of a pizza joint!|0|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|C1K9VHWJuBInQTNBEfWqhw|4|Went with my brother as we had a Groupon to spend and I'll definitely be back. The burgers are greasy, the buns are soft, and the toppings are plentiful...I was in heaven. You get two sliders per order and they're a good size but after we ate our burgers we decided to split another order...the burgers go for $5-$6 which is very reasonable. I saw two guys at another table order four different kinds of burgers (eight sliders in total) for sharing and that's what we are going to do the next time. The M.O.A.B. burger is awesome!I'd like it just a tad better if they had a more normal mixed drink menu (I had the fruit punch and it tasted like gasoline), and twice the beer my brother ordered was sold out. If you're going to have a 30+ selection of beers make sure you have them in stock, or shorten the list a little bit.|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|O8-W09-2WOp68BKa4E8_lg|2|Just tried 3 different kinds of their pizza and was very disappointed in all of them.  They hardly put any cheese on them, the chicken slices are so thin they don't even look like chicken (and you can't taste them), all toppings were barely sprinkled on.  The flavor wasn't bad, but you are left feeling like you just ate oily slices of extremely thin crust.  The guys working there are very friendly, but I still would not return.|0|0|0
BxmSFfCPQN_bg24l44a56Q|AutWfwOBmK6hBnNXeanJ0g|4|My wife and I went to the Dorrance at the recommendation of one of her co-workers who is having a wedding rehearsal dinner there.  We went early on a Saturday night, and things were starting to pick up as we were headed out the door on the way to see a play at Trinity Rep.  We were both pleased.The menu is simple and straightforward...not too many choices, but just enough variety with a unique ingredient or two in each dish to make them funky.  We started with two small plates: the ceviche and cauliflower.  Both were done well, with nice flavors.  And the bread that comes with your meal is great too!  For dinner I had the chicken dish at the recommendation of our server.  Like our server said, I rarely order chicken when I'm out because we cook chicken a lot at home, but she convinced me and I'm glad she did because it was cooked nicely and the crispy skin with moist meat inside was great!  My wife had the steak sirloin, which was also cooked wonderfully, just the right amount of pink!  The serving sizes are just right, not too much, and not too little.  So, we had room for dessert and chose to share the pana cotta...mmmmm.Overall, as others have said, the decor was a plus for the Dorrance.  The detailing in the carvings on the wall, the beautiful ceilings, the stained glass family seals, and the overall decorative detail remind you that "they just don't make 'em like that anymore."  We're curious about the bar scene later at night and checked out the upper level balcony that is set up as a lounge.  Could be a fun, more mature night scene downtown.  We'll be back.|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|ezJj-pxd6dWJ4C3MT3JTzQ|4|My neighborhood coffeeshop.Love the patio.  Not enough seating!Love the characters who hang out on the patio.  Not an oppressively hipster atmosphere.Love the drink selection. Love the characters who make the drinks come true!Love wasting afternoons with friends or light study attempts.Love watching newbies walk up to the wrong door, because I was one of them too.Love iced matcha. Love mocha.Love fair trade.Love dessert.A lot of mouth love.|0|2|1
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|p4Im58xysfBjR1zzI3h3mQ|2|Luxe Burger is an extreme case of delicious food and awful service. On the one hand, their burgers are very tasty. I like that they have so many topping options, including fried egg- which is my favorite and not many places offer it, and toppings for the fries as well. My issue is with the service. It's terrible. I've been three times, on different days, with different servers. Every single time at least one thing has been wrong about my dish, and sometimes something was wrong with everyone's dish. Everything from missing the second burger patty to leaving off the fried egg (2 of 3 times!). It doesn't make sense because the way ordering a burger works is you check off items on a piece of paper and give it to the server, and every time I'm sure to not only check off an item but boldly circle it as well.My last visit solidified the fact that I will not be returning. The server never brought us silverware (I had to swipe some from an empty table), never refilled our water. My burger came, yet again, without the egg I asked for. After I was finally able to get my server's attention (we were her only table, she was spending her time chatting up the bartender), I asked for the missing egg. By the time I got it, my burger was cold, and yet she still made a point of going to the computer and adding the extra charge for the egg, even though the rest of my table was finished eating and my burger was cold when I finally received it.|1|0|0
A6dVeZf0ZKgOqKxB7y0F0w|BPhCgJHhw5omsMH2kLopJQ|3|BBC was a 3 1/2 star experience for me this fine afternoon. Pretty good, but I can't quite say I loved it. I got the Ivy League on a wheat bun, it consisted of melted swiss, mushrooms and carmelized onions. Sounded tasty on the menu, and it was satisfying, but was missing something....didn't quite have the flavor I was craving and needed some sort of sauce or something, it was a wee bit dry. The fries however were outstanding, the highlight of the meal and I highly recommend them. I like a burger joint with a lot of options and Better Burger Co. does deliver there, many different variations you could create here besides the menu listings.Overall I liked it but def. not even close to the best burger in Providence. Five Guys serves a far more flavorful burger although the fries at BBC are absolutely superior.|1|0|1
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|vikyvfRREkyvIFg1wtxk1g|2|One star for a lovely atmosphere.Another star for a super nice server who really did her best.  Now onto the rest.Seriously, how can you have a place with NOTHING for vegetarians?  Are there none in Providence?  What's going on, here?I was with a group of ten people and after looking at the menu and blanching at the complete lack of veggie-friendly items, was dreading my turn to order.I told our server that I was a vegetarian, and asked for the only item that I could see modifying enough to fit my needs.  "Could I please get the pizza, but without the duck or the olives?"  (Eh, I don't like olives.  Shoot me.)"Ok, but it's not really a traditional pizza," the server replied.  "There's no sauce or cheese, so you'd just be getting a piece of flatbread."  My husband suggested I order the side of mac and cheese, but we were then told that the dish is made with bacon fat.  After a few minutes of this I had to settle for the cheese plate, which consisted of four slivers of cheese and six pieces of melba toast.  It was lovely, but not a meal unto itself.  I also ordered a side of asparagus, which was very good, but had a smoky flavor that became too much after a few bites.  I left hungry.Mill's Tavern is a great restaurant, but they really need to do something about expanding their menu so there are at least a couple options for those of us who don't want to eat meat.|3|1|0
wfS1G5lrjx_SGWBuG2690g|jDD1DzfoZsuv50Gy3rMvEw|1|Pot au Feu is the erectile dysfunction of restaurants.  It may have been part of the "restaurant renaissance" of the mid-1970's but now it's a tired, gasping, wheezing, shell of itself.The featured dish, the Pot au Feu, is essentially the New England boiled dinner with a fake "Pepe Le Pew" accent.  Tough, rubbery meat with a bowl of brown broth (clobbered with mace) and supermarket "French Bread" from Stop and Shop.Grossly overpriced for what it is, the only thing worth anything is the atmosphere, however, "Le Cave" is adorned with empty wine bottles reminiscent of the basement of an Brown University frat house.The crepes du jour were served in the manner of the Count of Monte Cristo -- i.e. served stone cold (you, know, like revenge).  The pancakes themselves were rubbery and soggy, however the beef stroganoff inside was quite acceptable.  The wine list appeared like it was assembled by price point and not by quality or any type of thoughtfulness.  It was as if the owners simply threw in the towel with respect to Rhode Islanders not knowing how to distinguish differences and quality in wine.  If you want to pay $30+ for a boiled dinner and $25 for two crepes and some steamed vegetables, then Pot au Feu is right up your alley.Pot au Feu?  More like Pot au Merde.|0|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|V7vAB8x1zeM-E2LeRMZSTw|3|We decided to try the Red Fez the other night after it was recommended by a friend.  The decor is kind of cool, very dark, loud music, and wooden booths/tables.  The service is friendly and evenly paced, no complaints.  We ordered the Hummus, mac & cheese, and Thai chicken wings.  The Hummus with garlic bread was very tasty - perfect amount of tahini, lemon, garlic; the mac & cheese was decent just not as great as we were hoping, it was served only warm and the bread crumbs were not browned; the chicken wings had a slight kick to them but just didn't do it for me, they were not crispy at all, difficult to eat.  We will try again.|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|HrJTQ8b5rEA3vF77rfAxFg|4|It's a big-city coffee house. Pretty crowded. Looks like a college crowd. There's some outdoor seating. Some interesting Portuguese pastries. I think they're like popovers. But I think they use wheat flour in their apple-cider doughnuts. The mini cupcakes were a little too unsugary and unfatty for me. They also sell Stroopwaffles, which are waffle-cookie sandwiches with honey in the middle. Yum. Good coffee. There were a few coffee grains in my coffee, but it wasn't a big deal. It's nice to get away from the artsy crowd on Thayer St. and check out Wickenden once in a while.|0|0|0
_BG8WroxU2JbZSij6VWx_A|NFC22zCioiCFYl0jA0jQrQ|4|Excellent Guinness BBG burger and superb onion rings.  Decor was okay.  I was disappointed that there was a cover band on a Sat. night.  Some good Irish would have been better for my nickel.  Kind of tucked away place.  This Ri Ra is mostly imported from County Mayo.  There's a pretty old, gold harp in a display case.  How about some O'Carolan to go with it???  Planxty Burke.  Will have to try it on a Sunday night in the future.|0|1|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|VPZ0Jxh99smAsjh8toKzCg|5|everyone that complains about the service can just go wah somewhere else. this place doesn't serve you like they're your slave, but their sushi is the best in providence without question.|0|0|1
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|mkBgQOwDE5OrrktAkBXatQ|1|All I ordered was the fried ice cream...and all I got was ice cream covered in slimy oatmeal. I have never been so disappointed in fried ice cream before. I even asked the waitress if this was how it was normally served and she just shrugged. Next time I should just order tons of their awesomely strong drinks...|1|2|0
SKfMzNiCSCURK2ATaZFzZQ|ziL8chrxFpGtA0oFQNUrwQ|2|Eh. This place tries too hard. The bartender was cheese-ola...the decor was sorta ok, liked the bathtub at the front door... not sure about the headboard hanging from one of the walls... Good beer selection, little too "Providence" for me...|0|1|0
kATS8uEAIQfeD66JypmgaQ|qEv3LrfTm95_VJfU0hFQwA|5|This is how you run a steak house on a Tuesday night.Lobster Bisque - - Perfect11oz Filet cooked medium rare - - PerfectBaked potato - - PerfectSauted mushrooms - - PerfectCreme brulee - - PrefectI could not have asked for a better meal.|0|0|1
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|_Zo0sIkSpWurzNjVnXiBOg|3|I really like their homemade pita chips with humus - yummy.I've always gotten 'to go' orders - food is ready in 10ish minutes.|0|0|0
P2r5tl57DWK5AcZ_GiSvWg|lGNr8HxAbHfdHQr5Zs5GGA|3|I liked the garlic cheese bread better than the pizza.  The pizza wasn't super hot or crispy like I thought it would be, though it was very browned.Good, but not mind blowing!|1|1|1
8VMY2s1dHASw_CGYJeYSZw|Zys2Nzn3tNGDF36BAf1sBA|4|Food is amazing and the Happy Hour prices are good.  Bartender was friendly but the drinks are weak|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|_8i08wTQEuIVcw-PMHMSUA|5|Awesome coffee shop with friendly staff. There are flyers all over the place letting you know the going ons around town. It is always busy, but there is some pretty sweet outdoor seating as well. Good tea selection.|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|XO1D-qihZwWmbci6nXbeeQ|3|After reading the Yelp reviews, we decided to check out the Cuban Revolution in Providence before heading over to Waterfire.  Must have been a good night (contrasted to some reviews) because our waitress was very attentive, friendly, and professional.  The table next to ours, a large group, was overheard positively commenting on her service.  (FYI, can't help overhearing in this place as you are shoulder to shoulder with new friends).  I like the atmosphere although to me it seems the pro Cuba rhetoric has been turned down a bit since departing the old hole in the wall next to Trinity.  We had been to the old location a couple of years ago and loved the Cuban sandwiches.  This time we decided to share a variety of small plates which were brought out in decent time.  I made the mistake of ordering the tostones when I really wanted the beef sliders and the waitress brought the sliders without charging us.  The maduros and garlic shrimp were our favorite, as was the fried okra, but I was wishing for a chipolte dip to dip the okra in just to kick it up a notch.  The Sangria was very good and as one yelper put it--smooth (blackberry brandy?).    I'm giving three stars for our being ten minutes late for our reservation and the gracious hostess seating us anyways, the good service, and the small plates that, for the money, were good.|1|0|2
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|gVFxZMcuG_Tal2_TnpmUPg|3|I've been to Olga's once, and never managed to get in again.  The food was tasty, and it might be the best sourdough in Providence - more snap than Seven Stars, sadly - but if I can never get any, it's moot.  Their hours seem to be 'whenever we feel like it, and we usually don't'.The other big drawback, for me, is that it's right next to a Planned Parenthood that's got a serious protester infestation.  When all I want is a scone, I don't really want to be harassed by people with pictures of fetuses on poles.  (Especially if there's a 95% chance that they're going to be closed again and I won't get a scone anyway.)  Plus points for tasty bread and gorgeous garden, minus major points for shitty hours.|2|3|1
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|YScOFHwBvcdOh4iAV-lWUA|4|Great Breakfast as all the reviews said!!! so greasy but oh so yummy!!! The only issu I have with the place is the service sucks. It is so slow that it is completely unbelievable. If you happen to look at the grill..it seems they make one order at a time....two muffins on the grill when the place is jampacked....We went there twice on weekend and second time we decided to walk away because after waiting for 15 minutes the dirty plates were not even cleaned....imagine how long we would have to wait for our own food!!If you have time to wait..it is definately worth it and if are just visitng Providence then you should make time to have breakfast here!!!|0|0|0
x05vLVOH2OQr-8ATmfItRg|BgNv_R8yAajRVMwJki5y7A|4|Seafood is always fresh here and you can count on having a good meal at any of their national locations. This particular spot has happy hour until 6pm but they don't really have drink specials save $1-$2 off of beverages at the bar. Service was good and what you would expect from a restaurant chain.|0|0|0
8WGDqkmiwlq50SRIcB_X6w|rcwGZMC5PmfnQaauL_vY7A|4|Menu is limited but everything...I mean everything, we've had there has been outstanding. If you're into gravy try the meatloaf sandwich with mashed potatoes. Amazing. Oh, and it's BYOB too. Plus plus.|1|0|2
87h9WI6h9cjNHxQd0FizBA|6kEJhXXIpH7VP97OBLvHkQ|4|I like their breakfast here. Their potatoes are my favorite and are deliciously seasoned. Their scrambled eggs are always made perfectly and turkey sausage is really yummy. The little cornbread with raspberry spread that comes with your meal is really good, too. I can't speak for dinner or lunch, really. However, I LOVE their seasonal apple butternut squash soup that they serve in the fall. It's THE BEST ever. I've had a crepe there for lunch, too. Memory escapes which one exactly but it was very good, too (chicken something or other).|0|0|0
DduaYOg-hYThz871mDoVHQ|M3tn1rJTHLIzIJy8kGiPRA|5|The Dark lady is the sort of place I wish they had down the street from my house. If I could give it more stars, i would.This is a gay bar for men. There are the requisite fag hags and a couple of college lesbians, but all around it is gay men and drag queens.... But they don't care. They welcome anyone who walks through that door with open arms. Steve is usually at the door greeting folks, attaching bands to our wrists and throwing out witticisms. When you walk into the actual joint, there is a little stage for the drag shows and the bar sort of divides the space into right and left. To the right is the dance floor- beware, everyone thinks they can dance and don't have clear ideas about personal space, and to the left is the actual bar and a sort of lounge that's elevated up a bit. The bar is amazing. I will warn you, it is almost always crowded. You sometimes have to elbow your way up or wait. It is worth the wait. There are "chandeliers" hanging from the ceiling, wrapped in feather boas that change with the seasons.  There is a lion head wall fountain, a Jaeger chiller, a fantastic collection of booze and the greatest bartenders. Rande is amazing. He makes the best Tom Collins ever, hands down. It is always served with a kiss, a smile and a how's life. He is an absolute doll. The Lounge is nice. There is a railing to rest drinks on, stools and some high tables at the front. There are couches, a rug, random statuary and comfy chairs. There is enough room to dance and is usually open enough for you to.The dance floor is always packed or empty. There's a little stage area at the back that often has random folks rubbing on each other, aka, dancing. This is actually a good vantage point for people watching. The wall over by the dj area usually has some sort of film playing. Sometimes naughty, sometimes Rocky Horror Picture Show, you never know what it's going to be. At Midnight on Saturdays there is a drag show. Miss Kitty Litter and company put on a crazy performance and usually get the crowd going. She is filthy, I warn you, if you are sensitive, this is not the place for you. If you are looking to laugh at ridiculous bawdy humor and be entertained by some queens singing and dancing, you will love it. If you are a lady and want to go to a place that is fun for dancing, everyone's happy, cheap & well-made drinks, and you will not get hit on, fondled or otherwise harassed, the Dark Lady is for you.|1|0|3
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|fxYms2solhwqJJ1KfWuleA|5|My boyfriend and I started out a romantic evening here and it was exactly what we were looking for. Our crepes were perfect. I am not sure I have ever had such a perfect crepe. We both had the special but I can't recall the name. It had horseradish cream that was kicky without dominating. It complimented onions and thin slices of beef impeccably. He had it with cheese and I had it without- we were both satisfied. The wine selection was exciting. cupcake reisling!The decor is darling- I want to start out every Saturday night here, and always look fabulous.|1|0|0
1-WF9A4i-0fI8XxCFbqrTA|wM3CIcnrbz4g10Dd-1Jzlw|2|I've eaten in the bar area a few times and just had drinks on other occasions.  The service generally blows and so does the food.  The exception is the fried pickles.  Try them - you'll love em.  I have been there early and late and it's usually filled with loud drunks.|2|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|_lKiyFOVMyoPwNm_hGy60w|5|This is by far my favorite place on Wickenden Street. Don't walk in expecting a fancy restaurant or exceptional service. Go expecting great prices, the ability to bring in your own booze, and creating your own fun with friends. I have never been disappointed with their food; it's inexpensive, fresh and delicious. I highly recommend the "hot babe" roll.|0|0|0
JUC2w_byPiyEbXrufEik-w|OfdX0DGrAET9jqn_7gkXww|4|I love ze Viet food. I am very grateful that I found a Viet place in Providence, except for the fact that their PHO tastes odd. There's something in it that doesn't belong, like Chinese five-spice, or black pepper. If you have ever eaten PHO before and liked the other version, don't get it here. I get around it by eating the very tasty Vermicelli instead. One excellent thing that this place lets me do is order fresh spring rolls instead of crispy with my vermicelli. The prices are about normal for what they charge at a sit-down restaurant in Providence, so I'm not going to do my usual thing of complaining about the value of the food. I'm gonna suggest not ordering non-Vietnamese food from this restaurant, because it usually goes horribly wrong. Read the descriptions on the menu before you order, and you won't be disappointed.Note: ask for peanut sauce w/o chili if you don't like spicy stuff. I almost bled out of my nose, and eyes because I didn't check to see if it was in there the first time|1|1|1
6fz6hlH9LDkZ9jwtwBVOEQ|xK5mpFzMTY4xxCGjK1Uw6w|4|This is where I am going to have to bring any visiting drunks for the novelty alone. They have "tubes" of beer as well as "vessels" of beer.  Also, the black and tan onion rings were tasty as well. Other than that, just a fun neighborhood spot. We sat at the bar and drank beer shots more beer. The bartender was personable, and apparently has quite a green thumb. Thanks Spats for a fun Thursday. I was drunk and in bed by 9:30 PM.|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|kfxH2YSLG7kCoG6HWoB-Cg|3|I have to be honest, I'm not sure if it's authentic Cuban cuisine that they serve but it is pretty tasty. The prices are pretty fair as well. I am giving it only three stars because of the rest of our experience there. I went there on a Monday night with my boyfriend and the dining room was almost empty, but the tables still needed to be cleared. A server greeted us after a few minutes of us looking lost in the front and told us to sit wherever we wanted (the pickings were slim from the clean ones) so we chose one of the tables that needed to be cleared. Then the server asked us if we minded switching to another table! WHAT? Why in the world did you even give us a choice then? (strike one!) We decided to move to a cafe table in the front and the other server talked us through the menu, along with about 10 things that they were out of. (strike two!) We decided on beans and rice with plantains prepared 2 ways and a Cuban sandwich. Like I said, the food was not bad. But I excused myself to the restroom before the food was delivered and was totally horrified! TP everywhere and the paper towel dispenser was ripped off the wall and sitting on the floor! YUCK. (big surprise, strike three!!!) I only stuck it out there because my boyfriend was excited to try this place out but I would have left if I could have. So I guess if you can bypass a bathroom break and deal with not so stellar service, this place is for you.|0|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|OQYxCxl3085ZEyFRKpnpMQ|5|I didn't know what I was missing until I moved out of Providence. Since then I have tried other Creperies and have left feeling rather unsatisfied.La Creperie is by far, the best crepe place I have ever been to. Although it is small with very little seating. I love the atmosphere of the whole experience. The crepe is perfect for students who want a cheap midnight treat without feeling too full walking out. The portions are perfect- and the combination of different ingredients is so simply creative and delicious. The crepe skins itself are made perfectly- buttered lightly and hold together with all the other ingredients.  Also, they name their crepes by female names which makes it all the more personable. Walking up to the counter, putting your order in, "Can I get a Michelle with whipped cream please?" makes you feel like you fit right into the scene. This is the place to go if you want a quick, cheap, delicious treat after studying/working on projects all day. Definitely for college students, not so much for those seeking a luxurious and spoiled experience.|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|iEmb_1SWLaIPlGQoHYwIzw|4|The food was superb. Original, flavorful, authentic, and filling. Solid service, a unique blend of culture and atmosphere. A must see the next time you are in Providence.|0|0|0
L_0dqYPcUK8LrCxbSmwxkA|OWT572hZqwQrUZyfulTniA|4|Who doesn't love Fox Point?  For Providence neophytes, Fox Point is the historically Portuguese neighborhood that you approach as you travel south on Hope St.  I call Fox Point land of colonial houses, petty theft and cheap macaroons.  The latter is thanks to Silver Star (a Portuguese bakery) where you can buy a bag of macaroons for about two dollars.  Hooray for the melting pot.|1|2|1
e3OqPQ6ayfhIXI04FXy3Ig|xF7ulSsJir1nZGhc07LRQg|4|Great yogurt!|0|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|GRPUddd9AUOm1XTa9ypTyA|2|One of Guy Fieri's "Triple D" spots was located close to where I was over the weekend...  so there we go...  Louis' is a neighborhood dive...  at 60 years old the place definitely looks it's age...  fine dining or even casual dining it ain't...The food was good...  granola pancake was just as described and excellent and although there were five strips of bacon, they were very thin...  one ordered spinach and eggs that came out right away, while the pancakes and eggs with home fries took another 10 or so minutes (had to ask where they were)...  again this was good inexpensive fare and would rate it higher, but the service was barely passable...  I was the only one paying and for a $20 breakfast you would think there would be some appreciation for our business...  not really.|0|0|0
zOtmzrVbiiUjsqrPBLPq2w|R0T2XfBwqXHEWlofuj7zAg|1|It was my first and last experience at coco pazzo. The pizza I ordered was burnt. When I told my server I was told it was supposed to be that way. I thought to myself "Really, It's supposed to taste like an ashtray???" I asked to speak with a manager and a very condecending man with facial hair gave me an attitude because I didn't enjoy the preperation of one of their signature items. I am sorry that their taste is not the same as mine but seeing as they expect me to pay for what I order I expect it to be edible. As I walked out the manager and server where looking over at me chuckling and having a good laugh at my expense I am sure. I left feeling insulted and ridiculed by staff and management. Needless to say I won't be back.|2|1|0
I8dgF5_UENHKJwb0k8J49Q|5dugjIhFhOnxhmLQQ_pNKA|3|I had a chicken burrito here - as a recommendation from my brother who lives close by. I love Thayer St and this place is a good lunch option if you're wanting mexican food. I will definitely return to try other options. My sister had the fish tacos and loved them. Good cheap prices too!|0|0|0
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|T_srLp4IZWWXAf3CN7uz8w|5|Great food..the shrimp barcelona and mediterranean kebabs are just fab ! The bar scene is cozy and inviting with black granite tops ..dark tones of wood and perfect dim yellowish lighting..A variety of music played..including arabic and turkish tunes!! Fri and Sat nights are jamming. A great venue to just hang with friends for just drinks or dinner...!!|1|0|0
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|DzUwQFXHEO0ISRp4WLcB0A|2|Studenty place near Brown that serves pretty typical fare. It's fun to sit outside in the summer, and service is usually friendly. The food is fine, but nothing special.|0|0|0
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|eQ_gxCyHkYQruxlfqC2o8w|1|My girlfriend and I went to this joke of a place the other night to check it out. We grab a seat outside at an empty table that was filthy, so I asked a girl that was busing another table if I could grab a rag and I'd wipe it down myself. She said she'd do it. She asked us if we knew what we wanted because if we sat there and waited for a waitress that we'd be waiting for a long time. We looked at the menu and I walked in to order our drinks at the bar.I ordered 2 margaritas. One regular with Don Julio Reposado for me, and one concoction off the menu made with juices, dry ice, and a red sugared rim for her, but instead of the 'well' tequila I ordered her Don Julio Silver. The bartender - a young flamboyant kid, with a ridiculous hairdo, and a sense of wind between his ears - starts to make our drinks. He makes my margarita with her tequila in it. He made it clear to me that me made a mistake then just kind of looked at me like, "Is that ok?" I just wanted our drinks and to get back outside so I said, "It's fine, I guess." and he started to make hers. He finishes making her drink and there was no dry ice in it, there was no red sugared rim. I asked him, "isn't it supposed to have dry ice in it?" He said, "We don't have dry ice." I said, "Well isn't it supposed to have a red sugared rim?" He said, "Yeah, why do you want it?"No, we like to order drinks, and not get what we ordered. You nincompoop. I told him to make the drink as close to it is SUPPOSED to be made as possible. Then I told him to make mine the way I ordered it because he just clearly thought it was OK to just hand me whatever. Sorry pal.  Both times the kid made my drink he started to hand it to me and realized it had no salt on the rim, and had to take the lime and straw out, pour it out, salt the rim, pour it back, hand it to me. Both times. He made it seem like I was being a bother because I wanted what I ordered. This kid has no idea what it means to be a bartender. On top of it all they were by far the WORST margaritas I've ever had. I wouldn't doubt this kid doesn't even like margaritas. If he liked margaritas he would be able to make one. This place obviously does not screen their bartenders, becasue if this was my place this kid would be GONE. What a joke.Also, as we were on the deck forcing down these gross margaritas we saw about 3 waitresses hanging around the waitress station talking. I guess they don't care about making money since they don't go out to the deck very often. This place is just another case of poor ownership, poor management, and poor staff. It won't be around long. I'll stick to the Hot Club where the drinks are stronger and cheaper.|1|0|0
4EljqY21fLOtLaoWCJlsIQ|mkBgQOwDE5OrrktAkBXatQ|3|GLUTEN FREE DINERS: Yes, they have a thin crust Gluten Free pizza crust! They offer either pepperoni, cheese, or vegetarian...I asked for vegetarian with pepperoni (really need that pepperoni to counter the sweet taste of the marinara and the GF crust). Overall, it was A-OK. The crust had a decent crunch on the edges, and the toppings were fresh. It did the trick, but it was not the best GF pizza I've had as yet.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|9EWFblLiRtv5nEbvFEuM8Q|4|I went to Luxe over the summer and enjoyed sitting out on their patio. Sadly, I don't eat red meat so I cannot comment on any of the "real" burgers. However, they are the only place in RI that actually has GOOD TURKEY BURGERS! Everything is made to order which makes ordering for picky eaters like myself  really easy. My friend had a regular burger and enjoyed it as well. Service was fine, french fries were amazing, and my turkey burger was wonderful.|0|0|0
zOtmzrVbiiUjsqrPBLPq2w|cqIYskWPVQ0rz1XSG0ohxg|3|We got what we expected. Decent food and drinks at OK prices. It had more of a "hip" feel than expected, which was a pleasant surprise.  I'd go back if invited, but probably won't go out of my way to return.|0|0|0
t0CBd_dgyztTvUkGX5fPBg|fudvE7DR8U2d9JJt9R216w|4|After living in NYC I have become a bit of a bagel snob. I for the life of me cannot find a single one that I like in Maine. So I was a bit skeptical when I was told this place was almost as good as NYC. First off- bring CASH or CHECK. no CC taken here folks. Second- be prepared to wait. It seems there is always a line. Third- it is best to take it to go. not much seating and people are bumping into you and you just feel in the way. Go home and sit on your couch and enjoy it. Ok now the food.  Caper cream cheese is sooo good. I had it on the sunflower seed bagel with lox.  yum. To be honest this is all I have had here every time I have come (all of two times haha). But it is so worth it. My only complaint is the price.  Holy cannoli almost 9$ for that bagel. Lox or not that is expensive. My fav place in NYC does it for 7$.  Even the drinks range in price from 2$ or more here.  I like it. You should try it.|1|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|0jTtVmRjyeHRqXGPvTF_cw|4|I love mochas, iced, frozen, hot- anyway they come.  The coffee exchange has some of the best mochas I've tasted. The frozen mocha is a little on the pricey side, though.If your feeling a two for one stop- they sell pastries from wildflour bakery (delicious vegan desserts). I love grabbing a peanut butter brownie and a mocha and hanging out on the patio.Super plus- they have parking! Plenty! of parking! totally awesome when you're trying to grab something on Wickenden.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|BWVd3Xu4VZVJtLrWwD6olw|5|This place is da bomb!  Really tasty food, great prices, huge portions, nice variety.  Awesome for the money.  Always try to stop here when I'm in Providence.|1|0|1
YEaJTS5WvIHMajKskQIFzA|PqEMzxn_7OHpqpwr0bXYkA|2|Despite the fact that they have to deal with crowds of guests at the Biltmore and college students from nearby schools, the workers here are very friendly. Their skills with the drinks are somewhat lacking, however, and the entire staff seems to suffer from rare disease that causes them to consistently oversweeten drinks that require syrup. They do offer pretty much anybody who appears to be the right age a student discount, however, and that alone makes this Starbucks a good option for coffee in the downtown area--that is, if you can't make it over to Tazza.|2|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|zau4ryZbSUQKh1EEyeat9Q|4|Used to be a delish vegan friendly restaurant. Apparently snobby veggies took over and offended others. The owner bought a bunch of deer heads and hung them on the wall in funny hats. Now its mostly known for its upstairs bar, but go for dinner early too. Sailors are often here. Food wise I recommend the homemade mac and cheese with chorizo, Its one of the few things thats just so popular they can't rotate it off the menu. The seasonal menu is always pretty good. I did't love the Kimchi. For cocktails try the Gingered Gentleman if you are a fan of Bourbon.|0|0|0
IL96KSxK3ov1m-1WQV8MLQ|5pyBCMMnVP4nF2JgnnYvug|1|DO NOT GO HERE FOR LUNCH. It might be wonderful for a relaxed afternoon cup of coffee, but lunch is a disorganized mess. I waited almost 1/2 hr for my sandwich to come out, and heard from another person waiting  that it took 45 minutes for hers. Then when I finally got the sandwich the roll was so hard that I had to eat the filling out of the roll with a fork. And the filling (chicken salad) wasn't even that good. There was also a sign in the window advertising free wifi but no wifi to be had.|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|fL9eamFi8LvZg8eYm5flkg|3|Wanted to try something other than Italian which I always seem to eat when in Providence.  Had to do a little convincing to get my friend to agree to it. Ethiopian seems better geared towards a group dining experience so you can try a variety of dishes.  Since it was just two of us we shared the combo plate. A good mix of meat and veg dishes.  Highlights were the 3 lentil dishes and the beef.  Service was slow- we were the only people in the restaurant, and we ran out injera and never saw our waiter to get more.  While the dishes were flavorful, there could have been more spice like I've experienced at other Ethiopian restaurants.  Happy to find Ethiopian in Providence, and glad I was able to introduce my friend to something new.|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|rkb9A4y3V4aiyg2mOTYjeA|5|Try explaining what Duck & Bunny is to someone who's never been there and you'll have a hard time. It's a cafe in the form of a princess tearoom with a great selection of beers and wines... and it is AMAZING. That is the best I can do.The cupcakes here are absolutely to die for. I don't normally like cakes/cupcakes so that's a LOT coming from me! I've been to those trendy cupcake-fad places in NYC and Southern California but never have the blown my mind the way Duck & Bunny has.The Peanut Truffle and Red Velvet were amazing. There was also a coconut flavor that may have been an Easter special that I absolutely loved, loved, loved! Also, the "Flourless" (spelling?--it's supposed to be gluten free) was surprisingly delicious! I did NOT expect such moistness and flavor from something gluten-free.Duck & Bunny--you will forever have a home in my heart.|1|1|1
_BG8WroxU2JbZSij6VWx_A|mKazrfu3uacJEuTumuKQtA|4|We came here on a Sunday during our stay in Providence, and were pleasantly surprised by the half off burgers! I got the smokey burger and he got the one with 4 different cheeses - they were great! Fries were nothing to write home about, but a bit sad we didn't try the sweet po-tator tots. Great beer selection and Sunday night karaoke!|0|0|0
A6dVeZf0ZKgOqKxB7y0F0w|3HkA0metkd8BJ36ISwB6uQ|3|Stopped in on a Tuesday night with only a few people in the place. The service here is very friendly. The burger was a tad on the rare side, but I don't think I specified how I wanted it done. The meat was quality, maybe a bit bland, but definitely juicy. The fries were very good. Overall, not as good as Five Guys, but worth checking out.|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|LICUj54wMpUwQRa_bp0k_w|2|wow. how this place manages to average out 3 and a half stars is FAR BEYOND ME!if their flat piece of chicken breast atop a mound of uncle ben's rice and a few pieces of chopped up lettuce and tomatoes (no garlic, no onions, no lemon, no nothing) is their version of cuban food, then i'm seriously at a loss for words.|3|1|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|eCK1nU14cJgKL3L-aJ9r-Q|2|I do like the sliders on the potato rolls -very good, But the onion fries are almost as bad a canned rings. Everything is served in platic trays so not a place for anything upscale. The place is also a bit clautrophobic and not comfortable at all. Not a good place for groups larger than 2. They played head banging music turned way up, to the dismay of about 90% of the patrons. Staff was pleasant and informative however. If I go again it would be for Take-Out Only. Too many places have great sliders to put up with the bad ambience.|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|wysoUcHx8q5eySS_AKvJGg|4|I can't say anything bad about this place. In town for work and came here or lunch. It happened to be Restaurant week so we were able to order a three course meal for $12.95. Six of us walked in without a reservation and they seated us right away. The wedge salad was refreshing and flavorful and the flounder light and flaky. The seeded bread was fantastic. The blueberry almond streudel was the only thing that disappointed a bit. It was too cold, seemingly right out of a fridge, not very flavorful and just okay. However, it wasn't bad by any means. The service was relaxed but attentive. We were served in a reasonable amount of time and really were able to sit back and enjoy. I'd definitely go back if I were ever in town again.|0|0|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|_s4Vnw8Opd-kPwaSXOuK3Q|5|Sublime service (Annie!), amazing food (their take on Oysters Rockerfeller--perfect!), great sangria...all in all, definitely one of the best tables you could find in Providence.|1|0|1
5q1rfOna_PlzdTI24MpqqQ|b1OSo9avnfZf2k4W5ZDGug|5|If you like jazz then this is your spot.  If you like a mature, fun crowd then this is your spot.  The food is great, the staff warm, and the music hot. Try it|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|HfqryVciqknGA3J6cWBFGQ|4|I've been hearing about Luxe for awhile and I've been dying to get down to Providence to try it for myself. Today was finally the day for me to experience the meaty goodness of a Luxe Burger...burger. My friend Chris and I walked in and were greeted by a somewhat aloof member of the staff, but the hostess quickly came over and made sure we were taken care of. We chose to sit outside because the weather was so beautiful, but that turned out to be a bit of a mistake. Once we ordered our drinks (a beer for Chris and a Lil' Germain for me) and ordered .25 cent wings (bbq, naturally), a swarm of hornets started circling us. It was comical for about 5 seconds and then I got supremely annoyed. Thank goodness I had a small buzz going from inhaling my drink in a rapid fashion or else I would have completely freaked out. As for our main course, I was dying to build my own burger. I had the Gold Label Beef cooked medium with yellow American cheese, iceberg lettuce, dill pickles, caramelized onions and sauteed onions on a classic burger bun with horseradish mayo and Gorgonzola tater tots on the side. There were so many great toppings to choose from that I found it difficult to choose just 3. The mushrooms were kind of an impulse buy that I probably could have done without. Otherwise, the burger was absolutely delicious! Chris was torn between a few of the burgers already on the menu, but he ultimately settled on the Fatty Melt. A burger served between 2 grilled cheese sandwiches? Ridiculous, yet delicious. I was a little envious of his choice, but I feel like you would had to roll me all the way back to Boston after devouring that. I ordered the Gorgonzola tater tots per a recommendation from a friend. I found them a bit rich, but definitely worth trying. I really did enjoy them and would probably like them more if they were stuffed with a less aggressive cheese.  The drink selection, food options and overall atmosphere of Luxe Burger was pretty great. I'd definitely recommend it as a solid dining option in the Providence area.|2|1|2
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|fKOQBF-XGRg757IbVTkaPQ|1|They should change there name to Ten Sushi. There Sushi is quite good and fresh. On the other hand, the steak here is below average and way overpriced. I've been on the weekend when busy and weekdays when we were the only ones in the restaurant.  It didn't matter, both times disappointed.Bottom line, stick to the sushi & mojitos.|1|0|1
1M5pHJqGLL_-t74M37uQ0Q|VFkzf-g8NqJj402sE433kA|3|Very hit or miss. I came here once for a business meeting. It was lunch time and the place was bustling. However, we got a seat right away. The special sea bass was served with risotto and spinach. It was delicious and the portion size was excellent. The service was average. Not bad, just nothing to write home about.I came here again with my boyfriend due to it's convenient location for us on that evening. We sat outside and ordered jumbo shrimp and the cheese plate for an appetizer. The jumbo shrimp was again...average.  Hard to screw that up though. The cheese plate was the biggest waste of money ever. I feel guilty even. For $17 you feet 4 cheeses that you can buy at Stop and Shop. No lie. Manchango, Cheddar, Blue, and Brie. None of them were excellent either. I could have bought 4 far superior cheeses at Whole Foods. 4 far superior cheeses of the same type even! Not worth the money. I liked my veal and sage ravioli with sausage. The sauce was delicious. However, the raviolis were a touch undercooked. My boyfriend's portobello napoleon was just a pile of vegetables covered in pasta sauce....for $16. Again with the not worth it.If you do find yourself here, think hard about what you're going to order. If you think corners could be cut and it could potentially be a let down...pick something else.|0|0|0
04ZBAOo6ffXkhSICqngaIQ|_kq78gxl0VA_oFxukVYTuw|2|CAN YOU SAY CHAIN?Tealuxe is a chain, like any other.   Tealuxe was in Cambridge before it was in Providence, and I'm sure there are many other locations all over. WHAT HAPPENED TO THE EXPERIENCE?Tea should be an experience, but in America we tend to make it a pedestrian affair, much like what we've turned coffee into.  Tea is not coffee and coffee is not tea, but nice try. COFFEE JUST LIKE TEA? = YOUIf, however, you seek out the generic, busy coffeehouse experience, translated into a tea world, this place is for you.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|EWTQJpU14PB7cdxThuVNtA|1|A few of us went here when they first opened.  It was nice to sit outside on a warm summer day and take a walk around... but that was simply the best part of the whole meal/afternoon.We ordered the best of the best... A create your own kobe burger.   McDonald's cheeseburgers have better taste then these burgers.  This place is not cheap either.|1|0|0
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|SNNqHITC-UJCC-ouNLfxpA|3|Eh So I do criticize CF, but its not terrible. I had the lunch special (Renees) which was pretty big 1/2 sandwich (b ut it seemed like a full size) nice soup and a large side salad. Service was good. Food was tasty. But its still a chain and it lacks any soul.|0|0|0
P2r5tl57DWK5AcZ_GiSvWg|8bNqIF5320FdAMW0gLtXAg|5|Back when I was at RISD, my roommates and I lived on this stuff, and I'm sure it accounts for at least 15 extra pounds I'm carrying since I left high school.I could live off of their mozzarella sticks and garlic cheese bread and frankly, we did. It was cheap and fantastic. Plus, they delivered even in a foot worth of Noreaster snow with two more feet of impending doom coming. They need to get a franchise license for Minneapolis, like, now.|1|0|0
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|5RHWq2o22RIgmMOOSp-lkw|4|I called Friday afternoon to make a reservation for 10 people that evening around 8pm, and surprisingly enough they could accommodate us. I ended up calling back a few times to change the time of the reservation as well as the number of people, and the hostess was very helpful and pleasant.Dinner was delicious. Calamari, mussels, and skewers for appetizers passed around the table were gone pretty quickly. They gave us french fries with some sort of sauce to start, which were also very good, and one person from our party ended up ordering them with his meal. Half the table ordered a few sushi rolls and shared, and they were nothing short of awesome. The birthday girl ordered a roll that was not what she had expected, and the server brought her over the correct roll, free of charge. As waitresses/bartenders ourselves, we were thoroughly pleased and impressed with her going above and beyond for us. All in all a 4 start night, will be back again.|1|0|1
HhE3mzDy2ScbkyllFYP0cQ|ylqULmksKDA__qlOIfv0nw|4|It took me a long time to get here, but OLE = OMG best breakfast burrito ever.I'm not a big fan of bread, so bagels aren't my thing, although if they were I would get them here or at Bagel Gourmet (what other bagel establishments even exist near Brown?).  Bagels aside, I have been hearing about these breakfast burritos since the fall.  The inn on campus at Brown even recommends them to visiting speakers/interviewees.  Why did it take me so long to finally try one?  Yelp told me the address was 228 Thayer instead of 288 Thayer....I once stood for about ten minutes at Angell and Thayer, searching the complex where Tealuxe and Juniper sit for Bagel Gourmet Ole.  Oh, the disappointment.If you make it further up Thayer to the right address, past Kartabar, $5.00 will get you a small (but sizeable) breakfast burrito full of fixings that provides energy without sleepiness.  Egg whites are also available, which is a nice touch.  I took my burrito to go, and it was wrapped to maintain its structural integrity during the walk to my office.  Color me impressed!  Also, the enclosed salsa/sauce on the side is delicious.  Looking forward to my next trip.|2|1|2
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|Reb4h6gAWscy722y1EK0FQ|4|Small place on a busy block, but worth your time.I stopped in for a late-night dinner to take back to my hotel room.  Gyro and curly fries plus coke - about $12, very reasonable.  And absolutely delicious.  The fries were made right then, and came in a generous portion - easily enough to share.  The gyro had a really flavorful sauce and fresh greens on it.  The wrap was a bit chewy, my only complaint.The staff were very friendly and welcoming - they chat with the customers, and I saw them go out of their way to make folks happy, even at 10 PM on a Monday evening.  I can only imagine how satisfying this would have been three hours later on a weekend night...|0|0|0
ZCNv3o4kekN2PPUTlP294w|wNSrGl5Qf2l0g1Xer7dckg|4|Thank you Wild Colonial Tavern!  You are the Dive-Bar I have been searching for.With so many hoity-toity bars opening up with the new wanna-be upscale drinking with the prices to match, you need a place to get a plain-and-simple pint of beer.The food is bar food and you should expect just that when ordering.  Keep to the basics and you won't be disappointed.|0|0|0
Wd9p_AlZTnN6pBHmT9YemQ|LRh3BaDw7_t4i89I6pt61w|4|I went to Jacky's on Friday night with some friends and had the best time.The sushi was awesome, the atmosphere was so pretty and I highly recommend the waitress  Kim.Kim was helpful and so cool, made our 1st experience a great one.The valet was nice, the hostess was nice, this whole atmosphere was so enjoyable.I cannot wait to go back.I recommend asking for window seating if anyone wants to have a romantic night, the views were so pretty.|0|0|0
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|DeFXo6qPDkeZgGZ5Knm4fw|4|$5 cocktails, YUM!$30 prix fixe menu with local ingredients, yeah!Surcharges for any interesting menu item that is ~30% over a la carte pricing, meh...Cocktails are interesting, but measuring ingredients would help build a better balanced cocktail, I thought the aviation they mixed me was too sweet.Started with local Rhode Island  litteneck clams.Bacon very delicateCreamy leeks off the hook. Clams fresh, just a bit sandyBreads beer/honey brownBought in baguetteGot  two little bites from the kitchen, gratis, Salmon rillete with creme fraiche and crispy caper, and Mango and passionfruit sorbet.Duck with option for breast or leg.I took a leg, which also came with a small Foie ravioli.  Chocolate pot au cremeGratis sweet nibbles as in other's photos.Total for dinner and drinks $55, a heck of a deal that I would probably pay twice for in my hometown of Washington DC.|2|0|3
5q1rfOna_PlzdTI24MpqqQ|5SIS2wal6jpOAY0zi6g19Q|4|I came here to see a friend sing with the live band. This spot is for grown folks. The ambience. YES! I ordered a margherita pizza and crab cakes to share. I recall the latter being well-seasoned... Made me think of my Maryland. But back to ambience. Come here for the music people. Do it. And there's plenty of street parking. I almost didn't wanna leave the car because I was shocked to be in a downtown area and in a parking space a skip from my destination.|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|Sq4f9Po4v_IHxi2oEBVSJw|5|Nice Slice was introduced to me in the past year or so by a real pizza dude. My friend loves pizza so much he got a pizza tattoo. This NY style pie is fresh and tasty and although greasy (as good pizza should be) it still feels a lot healthier than any other pizza place out there (could be the wheat crust) I've tried many slices since my introduction, haven't tried any vegan ones - i like real cheese and real meat, but they still look pretty tasty for missing key pizza components. if i were vegan, i'd be stoked to have a place like this.I really like that it's a small place and the outdoor sidewalk seating is great for hanging out and watching people pay more money for less impressive pizza across the street. TWO DOLLARS!|1|1|1
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|s3zoMg9FH7JjeYlWB3qtrQ|5|Great place to meet for lunch downtown and the food is excellent. With the different choices you can't run out of options for lunch or dinner.|0|0|0
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|7WwUINIgTxi9c7whC8mbnA|3|I generally like this place, but mostly from memories of living in providence years ago and it reminded me of LA. Cool place for 6 years ago, but this place needs to do some updates to their bar. They still basically have the "absolute mandarin vodka cosmo" that they would call a south beach cosmo or something. I think this happens a lot when a local bar emulates a hip club from a big city, but forgets to update like those clubs do to keep they cash heavy clientel. They end up with only colleges clients. If they trained their bartenders to do some mixology style classic cocktails ad update the app and cocktail menu and they would be a lot more fun and stop from becoming dated.|0|0|0
rdvWYwtOW6Mw_LTNAqlsQQ|t2TiQFs2B6sSP2MUyqbU_g|5|Great atmosphere with a unique design... I haven't try the food yet but it was nice to have a new nightlife spot in providence... Especially marina bound, can't wait till the summer weather to fully enjoy its location!|0|0|0
PUcbOM5EdCijAhFN9GAtBw|f8EfbLJg_EFFDXQ7tVmHXQ|1|Ugh! I ordered delivery (I live about 3 minutes away from the place) and it took almost exactly an HOUR to get to me, by which time the pizza was FREEZING COLD.That's just sad. What a waste of $20.ETA: And after all that, it was barely edible cardboard. Yuck yuck yuck.|0|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|S23r8owxUjR8n0XYBVhWWQ|5|This is a favorite of mine for lunch when I visit Providence.  It has a great casual atmosphere with great beer on tap.  I have had just about everything on the menu.  You can't go wrong with anything you order.  I could go on and on but why?  Just go and try it for yourself.  The burgers are half price between 3pm and 5pm during the week.  Can't go wrong with that and order away.  This is how I have had most of the menu.|1|0|0
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|H7Zbhia9o0nKRN8emaF2Vg|4|Had dinner here with a group of 8. The service was OK and the dining room is a little narrow but the food was excellent. From appetizers to dessert was fantastic. Really enjoyed the raw steak on hot stones and scallops wrapped in bacon.|0|0|0
kATS8uEAIQfeD66JypmgaQ|oGV0BS7sCZ8-2iYNJixUYw|1|steak was sub-par for the top "2%" of cattle, the filet had a huge piece of fat running through the middle and the mashed potatos were anything but mashed. huge lumps of potatos and a sickinly large amount of butter on top. our server nick had to have been brand new, because we saw him 3 times, to get our drinks take our order, then take the check away...the manager had to process our payment for us!|0|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|5WiXMnnTyDkSt071-RWnQQ|4|I have been here once. We went the other day during lunch-time. I ordered the "Olympus Omelette", which comes with spinach, tomato's, and feta cheese. i usually avoid spinach at restaurants, as it usually is not done to my liking:slimy. This place was no different. I did not like the state of the spinach at all. That being said, the omelette was cooked very well. It was moist, not at all dry, and full of wonderful flavor. This seems to go against what a few other reviews have written, which to me points out that this restaurant may be inconsistent with their techniques. However, I am giving them a solid review (I would go with a 3.8) because, with my experience, the omelette itself was done wonderfully. However, in the future, I will not be ordering an omelette with spinach in it, from them. The home fries were absolutely awesome. Large potato chunks, full of flavor, crispy on the outside. They were done quite nicely. My dining partner had a wrap with bacon, lettuce, brie, and (?) turkey, also served with home fries. Her wrap was also full of nice flavor. For lunch time, it was quite nice and we will likely be returning. Our food was very quick, with acceptably friendly service. In and out in about 20 minutes. I'm not a freak about speediness of service, unless we are at a place which is catering to the lunch crowd that is limited on time, which we were the day that we ate there.|0|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|I6-AyUKJhe2VEId3l9ZL3A|3|Affordable, fun and best of all: BYOB. Finally. You can sit on the floor (with a pillow, of course) and eat, which is fun. I trust the sashimi here. I always get the garden salad and some edemame to start. Good luck getting spicy mayo unless the main sever likes you. She has a love hate relationship with me, so I never know what I'll get. But I go back all the time! Try the sweet potato roll (unexpectedly good). Other rolls are good, nothing spectacular, but still better than most sushi places at this price point.|0|0|0
IL96KSxK3ov1m-1WQV8MLQ|IcdxwCBX6rNHwlcFJEVVtQ|4|This is the perfect spot to plop yourself down, have a cup of tea (or coffee) and focus on your book/work/blogging. It's seriously ideal. With huge floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking Westminster and loads of seating, it's a great spot for someone looking for some privacy and quiet time in a public space. They've got the standard espresso fare - Americanos, lattes, cappuccinos - and a great selection of teas that are fresh-brewed hot or cold. As a tea drinker, I truly appreciate having iced tea options here: you select the tea, they steep it and then pour it over ice. Fabs. The location is pretty great, as well. I happen to love love love Downcity, and this gem is right in the heart of it. Parking can be tricky, sure - but if you can't find street, there's a relatively inexpensive lot just down Matthewson that'll hang on to it for a low rate. Small Point offers food, as well - fresh and simple and decent. It's a great place to stop for a moment, take yourself away from the hustle-bustle and chill for a minute.|6|0|2
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|Dz9SC3EWncE6LHKG82feWA|4|I can't believe I've lived in Rhode Island this long and made my very first trip to Coffee Exchange just this week!! It definitely deserves more love. The place is absolutely charming - it's got that cozy, rustic feel. You'd almost expect a fire burning in the corner. I can't speak to their coffee (suprise, I got tea). I chose the English black tea. It hit the spot. I liked that the tea was cheap (all sizes - $1.90). And they even refilled the cup!|0|0|1
5Qg4di7XxZiR8RJ62hYXag|Tb9sYnoOr715EByWzHkgng|3|Went to Hercules Mullligans on a Sunday at about 4PM with my partner and another couple. There was not many people in the place. We didnt experience the slow service that others have noticed BUT one meal came out way before the others. The good - Relatively authentic tasty irish breakfast. The bad - only 1 rasher of bacon and NO boxty (as stated in their printed menu) and NO baked beans or mushrooms (as stated in their different online menu). The blood sausage tasted VERY weird - according to my wife it had spices in it - I have NEVER tasted one as weird as this and I come from the blood pudding capital of the world (deepest Lancashire, England). My companions reported that their (non irish) food was good.I would have no qualms about going back, but I honestly can't say I would go out of my way to eat here.|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|Dz9SC3EWncE6LHKG82feWA|5|Their pizza is truly amazing! I love all the interesting combinations (Ricotta and bacon are delicious on pizza! Everyone else take note). They have perfected the NY style thin crust. It's just the perfect amount of flavor, sauce, cheese and crust. Yummy!!|1|0|0
YEUgaDmoKvYQynNgVGenbw|gE-5s1PtmW5EDXoe3ClLBw|2|Shark was an unpleasant experience.We waited for the hostess but she was busy standing in front holding a parking spot for the owner's Porsche. I'd bet we waited 15 minutes; enough for my to call AMEX and ask if there were tables at any restaurants in the area. For some reason, we stayed.Our table was so close to the tables next to us that we all had to move our tables when someone on the booth side needed to leave. Conversation was tough because we felt like we were sitting with strangers. I felt like I was third wheel to the date on my left.I did see a shark which looked sad to exist in a small tank in a loud restaurant. I'm sure that's an awful life. The experience was so distracting that I really didn't notice the food. It was okay. Not somewhere I'd go back again.|0|1|0
L3uemg97EJZ1SfjEE60Qvw|gKwbQjTY1SSyjtor4kTCeQ|5|I visited this spot over the weekend and its perfect for what it is, late friday night in between bar hoping greatness. I did not get a taco (even though this food truck has tacos in the name) but I chose a burrito for maximum portability. It was sloppy, messy and spicy but thats what I wanted at the time and this was the best around.Keep in mind this is a stand around in a dark parking lot and eat spot, do not eat in your car because it will go all over your shirt like mine did. Anyhow you can text a number and they will tell you what street, bar or club they are at so its easy to find. The prices are great, you get your food fast and the "dude" at the counter is pretty nice (and understanding of your current state). THE most important part of the experience is I noticed the truck was spotless and believe it or not (counter to popular belief) not every food truck gets you sick. I'm definitely going to visit poco loco again, maybe try the tacos this time but who knows? maybe another napalm burrito will do the trick.|0|0|0
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|3l4o86P1ODth4eWZeHsaBg|4|LOVE the vegetarian options and that everything down to the sides and desserts is labeled. My boyfriend (a heavy meat eater) loves the combo plates. A few times the pulled pork has been a little dry but a side of sauce can fix that. The Vegan chili in a baked potato is heaven and although looks small is very filling. The takeout service is quick although sometimes they package the food in a way that makes the fries mushy and the contents wet by the time you get it home. Overall, good BBQ and a great little place.|0|0|0
VmWymzt1wSYtjpm6oDXFjA|hhtqurHHxpWqDPe0Ev70Wg|4|Sunday night dinner, only three tables with people.  Great pad thai, basil beef, shrimp in the garden.  Don't forget to order rice.  Super fast service. Appetizer sampler, no great shakes. Normal portions, so don't expect leftovers.  Will definitely come back.|1|0|1
1u5tSUPGO213ZX0WBj0uxQ|Wbwv4at33RscYwinLrxA4A|5|This place is truly Heaven for those of us stuck living in Providence. If you have ever been to NYC you would be familiar with this type of store-- a small deli packed with grocery staples, fresh cooked deli foods, produce, soda, chips, bakery items, a cafeteria bar, candy, and a million other items. It has been my saving grace plenty of times when I wanted to grab breakfast or lunch and wanted it to be reasonably healthy. Seriously, everyone who comes here will be able to find something they like to eat, regardless of lifestyle, eating preferences, or budget. The place also has an asian bent, so you can choose from a wide selection of seaweeds, ramen, and strange japanese candies. The customer service here is highly dependent on the individual and their grasp of the English language. I would say that 80% of the employees are extremely friendly, chatty, and helpful and the other 20% think they are working at Burger King. Victoria M. is right-- they don't label anything with price tags so you have to be extremely vigilant when you check out. I almost bought a small bunch of grapes for $5 (yikes!) but immediately told the cashier I was not interested. Best quality- OPEN 24 HOURS A DAY. THANK YOUUUU|0|0|0
1M5pHJqGLL_-t74M37uQ0Q|gVIP8yFneCtxf_6cyih_UA|4|We visited Parkside last night for Mother's Day and all in all, it was a very good dinner.  We started with a few apps - calamari, crab cakes, and the thai dumplings.  I enjoyed the pepper relish that came with the calamari, the crab cakes were just ok, and the thai dumplings were yummy.  For my meal I had the Sea Bass which was prepared nicely, but just ok.  The veggies and fish were undersalted to me.  My hubby had a veal pasta dish and that was good.  Others at our table had the burger (just ok), mac n' cheese (got rave reviews), and Sea Bass again (she loved it).  We finished with dessert which was absolutely the best part of the meal for me.  We ordered the banana tart which was made fresh, served warm, and freaking amazing!  I want one right now!  Service was friendly and attentive, yet I had to ask a few times for my water to be refilled and dessert took forever to come out.  It was Mother's Day though so we'll cut them some slack there.All in all my hubby and I have pretty high dining standards.  We both agreed that there was nothing other than the banana tart that we would crave to go back for, but that we would certainly head back and probably try some of their rotisserie meals.  That is their specialty and sadly none of us ordered from that part of the menu.  Overall I think you get a good quality, solid meal with a nice experience and we enjoyed our time.|0|0|0
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|UPOd3X8RCbmpwCAi-hKkxQ|2|Kartabar....what in the world happened to you? I was in town for a few days to show off my little daughter to my in-laws and wanted to get some drinks here because I am a fan of your martinis. When I lived in Mass years ago, my husband and I would come here for some drinks and apps and I always had a great time. The food was always tasty, the atmosphere had a buzz, and the clientele were well-dressed and classy.My my my have the tides come in or what. We came in on Friday and I swear I thought I was on the set of Jersey Shore. My eyes were hurting from all of the orange, fake tanned folks in there. And my ears were bleeding from the obnoxious chatter that filled the room. The attire definitely went down hill. Gone are the days of simple, flattering fitting clothes. Replaced are the baggy jeans, baseball caps with a flat brim worn on the side, and ghetto gold chains. When our waitress was done talking with her friends, we were able to get in a few drinks which were ok. It would have been better if the drinks were more consistent. My friend ordered the exact same drink I had and hers was 2 shades darker. That said, If we ever head back to RI, I would not stop in.|2|2|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|6zXXPnOW_msFxsbZ6GFXXQ|4|If anyone knows my taste in men, its long hair, beards, flannel shirts and covered in tattoos. Red Fez had a plethora of my Bounty Men as staff and as patrons.Onwards to the more important things..Fooood. yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuum. I dont even KNOW what fusion it was, but we ordered a few apps. Had a lil mini-college reunion. We got the Mac & Cheese, GONE in 2 seconds so yummy. The Chicken wings, which were the most g-dang hottest things I've had in a loooong time. And no, they WERE'NT even buffalo, they had a spice on them that made me cry.Then we had french fries with lil mozz balls and gravy on them.. i forget what they called them, but it was sooooo frick'n good! And we washed it all down with some delish brooklyn octoberfest. Not a huge beer selection, but I'm ok with that. The atmosphere was great, they didn't over crowd the place. We went on a Friday night I believe, upstairs. And we sat below a giant deer head...wearing a fez. Their walls were covered in murder, but I got over it :)I would DEFINITELY come back here.|0|0|0
PPsQwCCtPPXcpgy_kCyfFQ|5MCBLBxr10NLUKZ4AboAMg|4|We must speak in relativity here, my Amtrak-station-dwellin' friends. Relative to Amtrak food, Cafe La France is FIVE STARS. (Amtrak food = zero, it's horrible even in dire circumstances) Relative to all other cafes at some price point, Cafe La France is AOK/THREE STARS, bordering at 4 stars. Average = 4 stars here. And that shall be my rating, especially because given the relative terms I just don't think this is a 2.5 star (current rating) spot. I almost didn't eat here! I would've been starving pulling into Penn Station and gorged on some crappy falafel or 7-11. As Cafe La France is the only real food option in the PVD Amtrak station, there isn't much in the way of alternatives. Luckily, it's pretty cute/quirky/fresh with a nice little chalkboard menu and cheery people behind the counter. It could be so much worse. For $10 (CASH) I got a very freshly made California turkey wrap and a big ol' bottle of water to last me from Providence to NYC. They wrapped it up to go and I was on my way in under 5 minutes. The cashier was super friendly, and I'd certainly venture to guess that their breakfast goodies are solid as well. Fully stocked drink coolers to keep y'alls hydrated and I'd say this is actually a very nice little stop to make before hopping on a train to somewhere else. It could be oh, so, so much worse. You could have to eat on the train, and you only make that mistake once. I made it, I won't do it again. *CASH ONLY*They sell MBTA tickets (separate register) - Also cash only. *A few small tables to sit and enjoy, should you have the time. *Easy viewing access to train schedule board from the shop|6|2|3
_BG8WroxU2JbZSij6VWx_A|wyphQvpzayFVU_Hif4b8RQ|4|SMITHWICK'S ON TAP! WOO HOO!My favorite beer from Ireland, now owned by Guinness (which is fine), on tap - already I like this place.  Plus, TATOS - yes they are potato chips, but I've only had these in Ireland.  All kinds of Cadburry candies sent straight from the island as well.Great menu, even had a vegetarian option (portabella burger) - I KNOW!  Didn't expect that honestly, didn't hate it either.Of course, there's the typical Irish spirits - and the food/beer/spirits are authentic.  I know this because the owner, and half the staff are straight off the boat - honestly.|0|0|0
ezfOX2z0EOFH6UOQyrkRpA|4Lg6LvZRaH6yaENdxeWJfQ|4|We went here for my husband's birthday recently and had one of the most amazing meals we have had in a while in terms of both the food and the service.The only "issue" that we had was because we were slightly early for the reservation, we had to wait about 10-15 minutes at the bar until our table was ready.  Which was perfectly fine by us except that the bar is so tiny (and I mean really tiny) that we couldn't get near it to order a drink while we waited.  The miniscule bar area is the reason one star is being deducted from what would be a 5-star rating.  That being said however, we were seated as quickly as possible.When we were seated, the waiter offered birthday congrats to my husband (I had noted it was his birthday when making the reservation on line) and another one brought over a birthday card which had been signed by several of the staff.  Nice touch.Waiter was very knowledgeable about the wine list .  When we began to get overwhelmed by the possibilities on the 100 wine list, we asked our waiter for a recommendation and  his suggestion did not disappoint (the Seghesio Sonoma Valley Zinfandel).We started off with the shrimp cocktail appetizer, followed by the petite filet mignon for me and the bone-in rib eye for hubby.  OMG, the steaks were absolutely to die for!  I have had many a steak, but not one like this in a very long time.  We also had the roasted asparagus and a side of their blue cheese mashed potatoes.For dessert, we had coffee, two cordials, and split a chocolate lava cake.  If you like chocolate, then it's definitely for you.  Tasted like a rich dark chocolate brownie with a decadent dark chocolate sauce in the middle.  Heavenly! Service was impeccable.  Be forwarned, it is very pricey!  Dinner for two ran (including app, wine, cordials, coffee and dessert) ran us approximately $215 pre-tip but we had planned for that as it was a special occasion.  Definitely worth it!  We will be back!  PS. Definitely use the valet parking.  I think it was something like $8 or $9 with validation.|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|MUcsoBNjwpzsYtrcO9xURQ|5|yum|0|0|0
PPsQwCCtPPXcpgy_kCyfFQ|pOjgCTg0sXvGVcJETxcq5g|4|Super convient right in the Providence Amtrak station. Great place to grab a quick meal or coffee before hopping on the train.Also, if you are going to take the MBTA to Boston to grab your train ticket before hopping aboard to save yourself a dollar or so. Heads up it is cash only. Oh you can also pick up the free wifi from the station here too.|1|0|1
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|rkb9A4y3V4aiyg2mOTYjeA|5|This hole in the wall is the "hidden gem" of Thayer. The crepes here are amazing, especially the sweet ones. I love the texture of the fresh crepe oozing with warm, gooey nutella and fresh fruits. I love that they have perfect little take out containers so you can enjoy your delicious crepe outside on a beautiful day (wouldn't recommend staying in--it's a little dark and feels like a steam room on a hot day).All in all, LOVE IT!|5|1|1
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|jn36bomYhP-IchVS2FTShQ|4|the best of all the pizza options on the east side. great variety, often creative - and surprisingly yummy- combos, nice crust, good people. i love the steak and scallions slice. this one time, they had a chicken cordon bleu slice. O-M-G. haven't seen it since. and I think about it all.the.time. yes, it was that good.|0|0|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|_VPWXIDg45tNxY9tNHlrcQ|5|Love this place. Greatest seafood around and service is always top notch. Try the Lobster BLT for lunch.|1|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|xUcV0ksAXkk7uuIaIsZ3-A|2|The pizza was good, despite it being difficult to eat (instead of bite size bacon pieces, they threw a whole package of bacon slices on top - so many we saved them for breakfast the next day). I wouldn't pay $22 for a pizza again though.|0|0|0
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|mGVtRSXn0iUcjyPwqSzn6A|3|As a few other posters mentioned this place is a Jekyll & Hyde sort of bar. On a weeknight it's a place you can have a beer and catch up with friends and have a great night. I've enjoyed the food I've had there and found it to be just what the doctor ordered on a few occasions. We even had an office outing there that was a huge hit. On the weekends the scent of Fitch Fierce and desperation hangs thick in the air. Its mind numbingly loud and so crowded you're likely to spill a good amount of your high end craft beer. Now, that may be a plus for the younger set looking to get hammered and find that special someone to make a mistake with. Not my scene. The beer selection is awesome, no way around it. The prices for the beers are on par with other beers that serve rarer Belgian imports and craft beers, perhaps a tad on the high side. Bottom line, if you're going there for the beer go on a weeknight. If your going there for the Roofie Coolata and a rash of mysterious origins, you'll love Friday or Saturday night.|2|1|0
ASpO-JqCKBWNR08vhdbiTg|j-yXAQo-kIikdg5rmwtkeA|2|The jewelry here is boring...standard semi-precious stone pendants and such.  The stuff is reasonably prices for what it is.   I'm very surprised at the high ratings and all the glowing reviews.   Other then jewelry about all they have is a lot of stationary and cards.  Maybe they have changed since the previous reviews - I saw very few other "cute knickknacks".   There are other places in Providence where you can find a lot more interesting pieces and odds and ends that make good gifts.|0|0|0
uaPEPXxiEf8rNFbzFyy3Cw|IcdxwCBX6rNHwlcFJEVVtQ|3|Things you'll need for your visit to Cilantro:1) An empty stomach (I mean, to the point of starving)2) Cholula (plenty of it)3) Quarters Sounds like a weird combo? Now that you're prepared, I'll explain your Cilantro Survival Kit. The empty stomach is because the burritos are MASSIVE. I only got about 3/4 of the way through, and lemme tell ya I can pack it away. Also, my burrito was about $9, which I thought to be extremely pricey, even with the extra guac. I have to be pretty hungry to agree to that price for a burrito, kids. The Cholula because no matter how much salsa, jalapeno, guacamole or onions you have them put on it, the food is severely lacking in that picante flavor I want from Mexican food. And lastly, the quarters you'll need because parking in DownCity is an effing nightmare, and I refuse to pay $10 to park in a lot for 15 minutes. Give yourself some time to circle the neighborhood and park at a meter, which only takes quarters. The decor is dingy and dim, and I would never want to actually eat here. I took my burrito baby home and devoured it there where there was actual sunlight and comfortable seating. Was I blown away by Cilantro? No. Did it fill me up? Yes. Don't forget the Cholula.|3|1|2
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|QbcI5G8Qj2X5jV-ncrHnww|5|There's a reason East Side Pockets has nearly five full stars--it's possibly the greatest place ever.1. Cheap2. Filling3. Quick4. Delicious5. FriendlyThe ambiance leaves a bit to be desired, but who the hell cares.  The staff are genuinely polite, ruthlessly efficient, and actually seem like they're enjoying themselves.  I dream about East Side Pockets.  I routinely finish my whole order, feel uncomfortably stuffed but still wish I could eat more.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|ezJj-pxd6dWJ4C3MT3JTzQ|1|Ugh I'm getting a headache just thinking about this place.It is not ok to play douchey club music at a burger bar.  No one is breakdancing.  You shouldn't induce nausea if you're trying to sell food.  It was so loud that we were texting our conversation across the table.  Milkshakes yes, other drinks no.  The mini-martini sampler was rancidly sweet.  And I like sweet drinks.  The portion sizes are pretty poor, especially for the make-your-own mac.  Worst of all, the sweet potato fries do not live up!  Disappointed several times... something off about the volume-to-surface area ratio.Yeh we get it, sliders and gourmet burgers are hip.  But everything else needs to be good too, and this place did not deliver.|2|0|1
E39pbLivZFnQQrUR7nLOkg|pOjgCTg0sXvGVcJETxcq5g|3|Truley A-Ok nothing special. They do have take out menu for lunch which is pretty quick and convenient if you work downtown.  Not someplace I'm rushing to get back to.|0|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|_D_4P0y8csWAoi57isL6eg|3|Nice gritty tex-mex bar and grill. Clean your silveware, and its always loud.|0|0|0
Taha6oEOUQUzPhjYSFlkSw|PlB3u3ugOg2F9WUPoPf3CQ|1|First I waited almost 5min before someone even came behind the counter.  When I walked in three employees where having lunch I guess.  One women was outside by the ice rink then came and just began to take orders without ever visiting a sink to wash her hands.  She was loud and yelling at the other employees.  She wasn't nice, very short with customers and when asked if I could have mayonnaise  she simply said there is no more. I asked if she could go get some from the back or anywhere and she says look i said there is no more anywhere in here!!!! very rude!!!!! I will never return to  eat but i would like to speak to a manager.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|_rlAq7LBYyPzNCFBeJkO3A|4|This place is totally sweet. Cannot underscore enough how delicious the falafel is. Service is always quick and courteous. If you tip, they give you free baklava!|1|1|1
eAGvvpsMsf6TRlR3aKmngQ|ti5JXvrwgGYN_1z60I54xw|4|Chicken quesadilla, sicilian, buff chick....such solid slices.  The basic cheese/one toppings are great too.  The service is focused on getting you in and out ASAP, but they are funny and friendly guys while they hustle you along.  The food is fast, delicious, more than just dough and sauce, and affordable on top of it.  Since leaving Prov the Mini City, I miss it greatly.|1|0|1
A6dVeZf0ZKgOqKxB7y0F0w|x6EIOq0dSL3ShlugDL6LmQ|4|AWESOME!!!!  THANK YOU!!!!....FINALLY, a burger place that you can get Organic, Hormone Free, No Pesticides!!!!...EVEN Fries cooked in Olive Oil!!!!!!   GREAT!!  They even offer beer & wine!!!  A MUST TRY!!!!|0|0|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|HayM8BOYcuudJ-W6iQ0SkQ|4|My out of town guest from NY was in the mood for some fresh seafood while dining in a classy joint. Plus, it was Restaurant Week in PVD. 3 course lunch for $15?! Why, yes I think we'll go to Hemenway's. I need to start with reviewing dessert first. White chocolate mousse is heaven in a glass. Even though the two of us were completely stuffed from our starters and entrees. The dessert wasn't too sweet and the consistency was amazingly airy. I will probably return just to get that dessert again. The rest of the meal was equally delicious. Lobster chowder? I wiped the cup clean with the yummy table bread. And then the Grilled Chicken Cranberry Salad? (what no seafood?) I saved about half to bring home because of its massive size. My friend began with the Caesar salad, nothing super exciting, but the Seafood Broil was a huge hit- shrimp, scallops, and salmon. Every other time I've been to Hemenway's has been equally good and I feel that I've been able to test out a good portion of their menu. Basic rule of thumb, stick with the seafood. Even though I loved the chicken salad, Hemenway's really has one of the best upscale fish/shellfish selections around.|0|0|0
1M5pHJqGLL_-t74M37uQ0Q|tlyeK4D9wIUy6ch0tADr7g|4|Took a group of 15 out-of-town business associates last week. When I told them we were going to a rotisserie they were making fun of me and telling me they could get rotisserie chicken in their local supermarket. I will tell you that at the end of the evening they were dishing out the compliments. At my end of the table we shared some apps including the dumplings which were terrific and the clam and mussels which was good. Several of us had the special which was a rotisserie pork shank served with a sauted spinach and a small cast iron skillet of macaroni and cheese. It was really good. I was too full for desserts but my colleagues enjoyed them and the fruit tart looked quite good|0|0|0
HPDZZjKAi4vmtLEvYmk2Hw|o4nAUsN-c9VuQbMBzarGeg|1|Waiting is virtue at the zog, the owner, when he is around will say he has something for the smoothie, realize it isn't and drive to the supermarket to get it.  Meanwhile, your meal is done and you smoothie still hasn't materialized.  How about that explanation?|1|1|2
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|Mrf6wqrnp7u575ZMud3T3A|4|I woke up too early after spending the end of the night at Viva last night, and figured why the he ll not write a review while I'm waiting for the rest of the world to wake up.  This is for Viva only (the nightclub inside).I expected to dislike this place, not sure why.  I'm generally just very sketical of the merits of nightclubs/bars.  I didn't get to order any drinks here since I got distracted by good music and just HAD to get my booty out on the dance floor.  The crowd was an interesting mix - a bunch of college students, a few bikers (sport, not Harley - big difference), a few guidos, and throw in a couple people in their 40s who were too old for the rest of the crowd.  I prefer this nice little mix though as a bunch of Brown college students does not provide me with enough variety.I had a great time and really enjoyed some dancing that's a step down for club grinding.  HOWEVER, they lost a star for the epic fight where some kid got pummeled with punches for far too long before the bouncers finally stepped in.Conclusion: Fun place to spend your weekend nights.|0|0|0
mMbrhKD5kE5pLBi76BQbpA|41QL50gBUbko1ZPb39Rj4g|5|1st visit, I'll be back. Soon!We visited this past Saturday night during WaterFire and the place was pretty packed downstairs, we had no reservations but they had a couple of tables for two left up in the loft. The place is an old foundry built of old stone, brick, and huge wooden timbers. White tablecloths throughout but the host was wearing jeans - neat, clean, yet comfortable & casual. Some say it is not child friendly but there was a large party upstairs with several children playing around at a table with a semi-booth divider, so perhaps ask to sit upstairs which appears even more casual than downstairs with tons of room.The waitstaff was awesome, we were tag teamed all night by two waitresses who worked the loft. We started out with a couple of Maryland crab cakes which were very nice, more crab meat than most around here that are mainly bread imo. Next time I won't share with my wife. Then I had a cup of their seafood chowder. After reading some of the other reviews I agree that I've have had thicker but this was not watery either, I found it suitably thick with lots of seafood along with some potato & corn (may offend some purists). Very tastey! Oh back to the crab cakes - yumm served with two sauces with a pleasant bite to them - Chipotle remoulade & Dijon Aioli - wow!For our main meal my wife elected to have a huge and I mean huge Asian Pear salad with the grilled chicken, I sampled the chicken and it was excellent, perfectly grilled but still moist inside. I really wanted the pork chops but I really wanted the seafood chowder too and decided to keep the fish theme so I elected to have the grilled Salmon which imo was the best piece of salmon I have had in years. It was Cajun seasoned, grilled and served with a port wine raspberry glaze which was very pleasant, along with corn on the cob, and white rice which was good but I think I would have preferred a wild rice (not sure if this is available though) for dietary reasons.Left totally satisfied!|1|0|1
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|Fh6-DbRXKI4G0OFiYrz4Ig|4|Went here many times during the years at Brown.  The food was always great (soups and gyros were especially good), but the atmosphere was often dark and crowded on weekend nights.  Moreover, it was not the best place for seating groups (we went there for my birthday one year and it was a tight squeeze for twelve people).  Still, great food and reasonable prices.|0|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|9zJOfdACCjkIZxB_DxSUuw|5|Thee Fez is one of the greatest things about Providence. Great burger, always delicious and always on the menu. The rest of the menu changes (with a few exceptions), and everything is delicious. Prices and entree selections are such that you can have an everyday meal, or you can have a fancy entree. Always a vegetarian item or two. But ultimately it's the spirit and staff of Thee Fez that makes it irreplaceable. Sometimes I go to Thee Fez for dinner even if I'm not into the food that night because it feels great to be there. Not that the food isn't awesome, because it is.Also, pinball machine!Also also, your table won't run out of water. Ever. If they had to change their name, I'm sure it would be to 'Endless Carafe."|0|0|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|-z2L3_8QgJv2qE1e5Y7N4g|4|I have to say, in a town filled with seafood restaurants and other places to eat, this is a top notch place to go! The setting is off the beaten path on a main strip of Providence downtown in a Bank building and is open and can either be quaint or noisy depending on the night. the food is awesome, with great seafood selections on the menu and other items and just an all around great place to go. It is not cheap, but not terrible. Good for groups or a night out with a loved one.|0|0|0
0cYGdh3BVnIiLxPB88fEUg|FoqhEZzBaxzCEEGnB0qetA|4|This is a great place for Providence..it needed a fish & chip place like this.  I have been twice as of this review and have gotten the fish & chips + soup.  They have a soup bar but i am a chili fiend so i have only helped myself to the chili, which was good.The clam cakes are really good and you would be well served to get them.The Fish & chips were very good and i recommend.    They also have a fridge full of prepacked soups ready for heating.  I am going to buy some soon and give those a try.|0|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|wNSrGl5Qf2l0g1Xer7dckg|4|Good Burger place. Each burger order is 2 sliders.  Don't fool yourself, this will be enough for you.  The burgers are full of greasy goodness.  This is not the place you come to start your diet.  This is a Burger Joint.  A delicious burger joint.  Order the Onion Strings with the Chipotle Ketchup.  Its awesome.Great Beer Selection as well.  It gives you a opportunity to show how much of a beer aficionado you truly are.|1|1|0
lu1rX1xpg7hbcWPnfOWMMQ|O7q30MVJfD6_WtFPCGK_RQ|4|Quickly is my secret escape to cope with my temptation of bubble tea.Bubble tea here is SOLID. I lived in California for 8 years and everyone kinda views Quickly as the last resort for bubble tea, but guess what... not here in Providence!! I am pleasantly surprised that this is the cleanest and most friendly Quickly I have ever been to. Tables, chairs and the floors are clean. They have chic and colorful decor that the atmosphere almost appears to be like a froyo place. The staff really keeps the place presentable to the customers. The menu for drinks will make you want to come back for more because there are so many to choose from! I have been here about 5 times for the same drink (yes I'm boring and unadventurous for bubble tea) and every single one tasted excellent. Great job on consistency!Taiwanese/Cantonese food: They also have a food menu with an assortment of dishes. From my favorite Hong Kong style Egg Puffs/Eggettes to Taiwanese minced pork rice, I think they do for a fabulous job maintaining the quality of food considering it is a chain and fast food restaurant. I dined in with my husband three times now and we really liked what we ordered. I am going back for more.This is certainly a perfect addition to the city of Providence! Keep up the good work!|1|0|0
kATS8uEAIQfeD66JypmgaQ|_Zo0sIkSpWurzNjVnXiBOg|5|We have eaten here twice - once for a sit down meal and once in the bar for drinks/appetizers. Great food and great service both times. I really like their salads - hubby loves their steak. Ruth's Chris is pricey, but I do recommend giving it a try.|0|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|ug36YKzysACki0cdfRFCBA|4|Ive tried many mexican places in RI and MA and they have  the best  cheapest strongest marguaritas.  The shredded chicken is awesome.  I took off one star because sometimes the marguaritas are served in a beer glass which takes away from the experience(I dont know if they run low but you can request a diff. glass).  And also I got an eggplant dish and it was awesome and then I got it again and it wasnt made the same and didnt really care for it.  If you go on a weekend be prepared to wait especially when college is in session..you can wait at the bar but thats usually crowded too.  Parking is on the street which is a hassel when its busy.  But beyond all that be sure to try the fresh chips and salsa, a marguarita, and something with the shredded chicken.|1|0|0
rblZR9xtCUgwjE19AU2y8w|RepbaM5Opkimc95QNy8aPw|3|I was surprised to find decent and inexpensive Indian food at the mall. The naan was delicious - they make it to order. The saag paneer (spinach)was really flavorful. You can taste the complexity of flavors. The veggie tikka masala was fine although would like it to be spicier. The chai tea tasted really authentic. I look forward to returning,|0|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|D9OeooTaGaxkSLQuALyQKA|4|I'm an avid lover of Breakfast food and Brickway does a pretty decent job! Nothing can top IHOP for me but Brickway is a very close second. Food is well portioned (especially the pancakes) and the prices are decent for a college student. As stated in other reviews, the wait can be long on the weekends; but if you're willing to bear it, you'll survive. It's a brightly colored restaurant. The dining set-up is not the most comfortable but it's nice nonetheless. Breakfast served all day!|1|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|QbcI5G8Qj2X5jV-ncrHnww|3|I don't dislike Meeting Street, but I feel like I'm never actually hungry enough to go there.  As other reviewers have mentioned, everything there is huge.  I like leftovers, but I don't like two days' worth of leftovers, and nothing I've had there has really blown me away.  The cookies are good, but my teeth hurt just thinking about them.Also, for the non-students, this is very much a Brown student hangout and like most college hangouts, it's loud and kind of annoying.   I have nothing against college students, but most times that I've been to Meeting Street, I feel like I'm in the diner where the kids I went to school with would camp out in pajamas and remain there for hours under the guise of doing homework, but really just talking to people.  That was annoying when I was an undergrad, and it's doubly annoying now that I've left that life behind.  I try to go there when I think the students will be in class or asleep, but they're always there!Sincerely, An Old Crank|0|2|0
Dn-6ZmMqHW_ATU1I-nrNjw|h3dUyHGGx69JUaB5v6OLcA|4|Excellent food. Fabulous wait staff.  May or may not be owned by the mob. They spared no expense with this place. Valet parking, a bar/lounge area. Ladies...if you're waiting in the lounge for your table to be ready, the host or a waiter will carry your drink to the table, so don't worry about spilling your martini.If you're intimidated by a large menu, I would not dine here. There were so many things on the menu that I had to ask the waiter what he recommended. After 3 or 4 questions about my tastes later, I had the perfect dinner: the lamb.Their escargots were just ok...I'd order the Kobe carpaccio instead, which was absolutely amazing. Our waiter kept our thirsts well-quenched with his choice of wine - which was rather tasty - water and other drinks. One caveat: watch out for the floors in the main dining area, especially if you're wearing heels. They're super slippery. I nearly ate it on my journey to and from the bathroom.|2|1|2
ASpO-JqCKBWNR08vhdbiTg|jJfQ-uQgscVaaECkwqMlWw|5|Wonderful selection of jewelry.|0|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|cudCfyqWbA2VhR3l5WRpfA|3|This used to be my favorite spot in Providence for the margaritas alone. They were always good and STRONG, unlike any other I could find in the area. When I worked nearby I'd meet my friends here for drinks after work. Recently I noticed that there is a totally different staff (it was the same group of people for years) and the margaritas are now watered down and taste just as bad as the ones you get at Chili's. I don't waste my money here anymore.UPDATE 3/7/11: I just went back here last weekend with a few friends. The margaritas are back to their former glory. They also reworked the menu with lots of great sounding options. I had one of the specials and it was underwhelming, but the Chili Queso app is still a go to menu item.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|TtGhgcYtQjmfEd0lzyRX9g|1|My friends and i have eaten here on separate occasions. For some reason we have separately gotten gastroenteritis afterwards... I think it's the falafels. I'm afraid to go back to try other stuff, despite the good reviews.|0|1|0
T1fAeUIvj8ZLIoDGFKpIsw|mkBgQOwDE5OrrktAkBXatQ|4|I love coming here for a quick lunch. The lunch portions are perfect, and I love it that they bring you a kettle of hot tea. GLUTEN FREE DINERS: My favorite dish here is the Chinese eggplant and chicken. It is a little oily, but the veggies are fresh, the chicken is tender breast meat, and I know for sure that it is gluten free! Usually with the lunch specials you get the choice of an eggroll or rangoons, but I just remind them not to put it on my plate. If in doubt about anything, ask the staff, they have been really friendly when I ask about flour/gluten in the dishes.|0|1|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|x5CMZDlNRZgwpliJy63SIw|2|I've been to Tortilla Flats quite a few times since I've been living in Providence - all of my experiences there haven't been stellar.  I have ordered dinner once and then I vowed I would never order food from this place again.  It was bland, boring and way to American to be considered "Mexican" cuisine. That being said, I steer clear from the hostess and head straight toward the bar.  I can't remember a time that this place wasn't packed with college students overflowing from the tables and stools. The service has never been great, not even good.  Long wait times between check up's to see how you're doing, if you need another drink, etc.  The only saving grace is the sangria; it's pretty dang strong and this girl likes a strong drink!|0|0|0
e3OqPQ6ayfhIXI04FXy3Ig|uMSNXawulpm9TxrLgm_k5Q|5|YES!  And my mission to find all Pink Berry spin-offs continues!  While on a stroll down Thayer Street this evening, I happened upon this jewel of a frozen yogurt shop.  It was awesome.  It was as good as Pink Berry or Berry Line and it was better than Yo! Berry.   Perfectly tangy, smooth, and delicious.  If you've never had REAL frozen yogurt before, GO NOW!  It's just amazing.  Juniper has fresh toppings and also interesting smoothie options (mangosteen? acai? yes!).    Plus they actually carry a variety of Asian specialty drinks like Pocari Sweat.  The decor is minimalist (predominately white, with a few pictures of fruits here and there), which will let you focus on the only thing that really matters at that moment in time: the delicious Juniper frozen yogurt.  Mmmm.|1|2|2
QadrDmx4k6Tl7QDz4fAWdg|gVFxZMcuG_Tal2_TnpmUPg|2|I want so much to love Blue State.  It's the closest coffee shop to my apartment, it's not a chain, AND it has free wifi.  Major points to them for the wifi and for importing Seven Stars' pastries so I can get them in the evening, but still - their coffee sucks.  I got regular coffee and it was undrinkable, so the next time I tried a mocha, thinking, silly me, that the chocolate might mask the burned taste.I left it sitting on the table until I left, and threw it away nearly full.  Now I stick to tea.I love sitting there: the crowds amuse me, the staff is nice, they donate 10% of your drink to the charity of your choice, and they have borrowable books in a rotation and free wifi.  But please - can't a girl get a drinkable cup of coffee at a coffee shop?|3|2|3
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|5F2CLpJ2YcX8O1HLtwarMA|3|Very lovely.Very nice.Rather boring.Is the food good? Of course it is. Very good in fact.Is the service good? Hell yeah.It's just boring. Dark wood.Waiters in white shirts, white ties, white jackets and white aprons.Snooze-a-thon.It's just not very exciting. Or interesting. Hushed conversations. Dimmed, comfort lighting. Very warm inside.Snore.|3|5|3
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|088SkMN7Hjn2vK2MEUfc3Q|3|Kartabar is alright. I stopped by here on a Saturday afternoon to read outside. The bartender was extremely friendly, and there were plenty of spaces at the tables outside and inside next to the window.I ordered a gimlet to sip on while I read. The drink was $9. Yikes! Was steep given the ambiance and nearby alternatives.|1|0|0
DduaYOg-hYThz871mDoVHQ|WMkQDNMXcLXnBcAbqvKLEw|1|I'm going to make this short..Bartenders were RUDE!! We went out last night and one of the bartenders.. Red dress big dark curly hair obviously in drag.. She had the worst attitude and purposely ignored us. I work in the bar scene and someone with no personality should not be behind the bar. So we went to a different bartender and we watched him make our drinks and he literally put 2 DRIPS of alcohol and the rest mixer. He was going to make us pay to add a little more... He was so rude. I'm all set with that place it's a complete waste of time and money!!! I do not suggest going there!!!!!|0|0|0
wvzMYKKidWIWgPHFXeUW1g|HayM8BOYcuudJ-W6iQ0SkQ|5|Consistently great food and service! Portions are pretty sizable, most times I can't finish the whole thing. My favorites so far:Nam Yaa, they call it medicinal soup, I call it magic. The soup has the right amount of spiciness that doesn't overwhelm the other ingredients. Hot BasilStreet NoodlesNime ChowI've never been disappointed here. It's a great addition to the downtown lunch spots.|0|0|0
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|BuC9XytuFDp2HUYLGqBisw|4|Some of the best Cambodian food in the city. It is slightly pricey compared to competitors but everything is made fresh. Service is always good as well.  It is nice that they focus on only cambodian food and not on pan asian.|1|0|0
DDyFfkS0987e1aQEAEZEhA|xhVwDsKlmfVdnvtMPTdyyw|5|I've been to Gavins two times and am impressed with the atmosphere, the staff and the food. Each time new food offerings are served and they get better and better each time.|0|0|0
9H1o-FdVnFrwKDDqTB5oBA|5zSwfDfmTHL6GqEDDYSKZA|4|This place is not for everyone.  The staff is typically only 1-2 people who can very easily get bogged down with a minor rush of only a few tables.  You'll also need to wait for your food no matter how busy as there's no rushing at the Ugly American.  If you can forgive minimal service and do not have anywhere you need to be, the food is variably good to absolutely, mind blowing good.  It is a bit hit or miss though, so beware.The fried pickles and the mac and cheese poppers for appetizers are top notch.  Their fries are on the limp/soggy side, so I'd avoid them altogether.The burgers are clearly fresh, hand pressed patties of varying degrees of success, from perfect to occasionally a bit too salty or greasy.  When they are on, they are the best burger you'll find for the price (about 1 in 4 times).  About 1 in every 4 is also a dud though, so it's hard to give a blanket recommendation.   Do not be too cynical over the 5 star reviews, they really are that good...sometimes.  I recommend going with a wheat roll to get a better chance at a non-soggy bun, but all of the burgers are excellent combinations of flavors (with maybe the exception of a bit too strong blue cheese taste for my liking on the cowboy).  The cheese is a personal favorite, with a heaping  grilled/burnt cheddar ring of joy that surrounds the burger.  The rest of the menu is above average quality for the price, with special bonus points for the chocolate covered bacon.I really want to give this place 5 stars, but they are nowhere near consistent enough to earn it.  This place is a lottery ticket where you'll get 3.5 food most of the time, with the occasional 5 burger that can keep you coming back.|0|0|0
QSB6qv6EvXebXu0n42X48A|RU51o5gz8GgYMU03e_nnvQ|2|I should have known something was funky about this place when I realized it's two restaurants combined into one space, sharing the same dining area. Pizza and Burritos? Weird combination?Gordito was so so. It was edible. It sure looked like a burrito. They had fresh guacamole - which is a major plus in my books. Something just wasn't up to par with the rest of the burritos I've had in my life. Not enough taste, bland chicken and the people behind the counter weren't very friendly. The woman at the register seemed frustrated and ready to quit her job. I don't blame her, she's serving not so decent food and stuck behind a counter on a hot sunny day watching college kids walk by the window outside.There was a much longer line at the burrito spot across the street, I'll try there next time.|0|0|0
QAxQdJ5m-wrvLUUGb0-ulw|xK5mpFzMTY4xxCGjK1Uw6w|3|This bar is in walking distance from my abode.  The food is normal pub grub (but not gross!), and of course the biggest selling point is that it's on the water.  Also love the punk rock vibe and dig many of the bands that play here.  However, i would never go here on a Friday or Saturday night.  It's different.  Everyone has tight black shirts on and a blowout haircut.  Not for me.  Daytime, dusk, weeknights.  That's when the magic happens.  Hang out on the porch, wait for the super slow service, and enjoy your drinks and giant plate of nachos or fish and chips. Except the waterfront view, the vibe, bartenders, etc. remind me of several of the bars in Old Town Scottsdale, AZ-attractive, tattooed, fun music, and the threat of douchebaggery constantly lingers just around the corner.  Love bringing out of towners here for happy hour or a Sunday lunch.  It's also a fun spot to do shots before walking downtown to get drunkier. (is that a word?)|0|2|1
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|k2CngZAw8oswPFFQfO2sZQ|3|Good eclectic pizza with great people watching opportunities.The mural on the wall is pretty awesome and worth a visit. Buy a nice slice while you're there to appreciate the art.|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|8dyaGjQ2Mux_jPCHNpId2w|4|I actually don't often write reviews, and I actually can't really comment on Tazza's food (although friends who have partaken have given it glowing reviews), I really wanted to reiterate how awesome Tazza's coffee is; specifically their pourovers. I'm not aware of many places in Providence who actually brew coffee using this method, let alone the Halogen, but every single coffee variety I've had has been stellar. The baristas are ridiculously friendly and more than willing to share knowledge (specifically Chris who really knows his coffee)  if you are interested enough to ask. Coming from Seattle, it's a tough bar to try to live up to, but I'm glad there is somewhere like Tazza that is quite good (even if they don't roast their own beans).|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|qTXaS4iDUOe2n7Pyh-tR7A|4|Super cute venu-- recently renovated.The first time I went here only a month ago I was really annoyed at the service.Hello super rude waitress K. Geez. Had a bad day? I had no idea what this girls problem was since the place was completely empty. All we wanted was water with our drinks + apps and she was royally annoyed. I love it when that happens. I did have a second WAY better experience there last week. Our waitress was super nice (we actually had a large group so there were two of them). The food is yummy, they have great drinks + the space is quite modern but cozy. They even had a dj after 11 spinning some ambient beats. It wasn't too loud + we could still enjoy our conversation 2ft away.Right now this place isn't super busy, even on the weekends but I'm sure it will pick up once people visit it more since the upgrade. It has a lot of potential. If you want a chill night on the town, this is your kinda place.|1|0|0
sIsXmah-sGpHaKBjU3KOFA|ExJrg9VqvIRvnrcjwAUbpg|2|i'm not sold. i agree with a previous yelper's review: "Fine dining and Thayer Street just do not seem to go together." and this is true for this restaurant as well. something doesn't seem right...the menu makes a conscious effort to exclude hummus and falafel- i would like to know the reasons behind this- i'm just curious not complaining...i had chicken kabob with a greek salad. the chicken was dry and the balsamic sauce they served with it didn't pair off very well.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|hCliLAhbyMDCmcDEyvgoqQ|5|I love this place. Best falafel in Providence! You will not be disappointed with anything on the menu|0|0|0
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|HFssWbAh1-QX8V4FDMG6iQ|5|I got out of work early and all I could think about is how amazing a margarita in the sun next to the water would feel like. So I did exactly that! I met up with a friend from work and sat outside. The girl must have been reading my mind because she sat me right in the sun! Perfect! I ordered a margarita and my friend ordered a Budweiser. My margarita came with sugar on the rim and what I got was a couple steps better than just sugar. It must have been mixed with grenadine! It was bright red sugary goodness. I got two! Pair that with delicious chips and salsa and you can't go wrong. The weather was perfect, it wasn't too busy, and our server was very attentive. Gotta love lolas!|1|0|1
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|Q3bUbClff0KSF1m9Vu9FgQ|4|I've been to Luxe twice so far.  On my first visit, we waited about 10 minutes for a table, as the place was pretty full (Saturday afternoon).  Once seated, our server came over and explained the build-your-own-burger process as well as the menu, took our drink orders and promptly brought our drinks.  The burgers we ordered came out reasonably quick and were cooked perfectly to order.  The fries were so-so, fries are fries.. the portion of fries was a little small considering the OMGHuge burger.  The burger tasted excellent and was good quality beef (did not try the Kobe on the first round.)  The prices are reasonable, and you can get out of there for a decent tab for a burger and a few beers.  Magic Hat #9 on tap is a winner.  On my second visit, it was a Monday afternoon around 2:00 and the place was empty.  I grabbed a seat at the bar, and my drink order was taken immediately, and I had a beer in my hand 2 minutes after sitting down.  Ordered my food, and again it came out perfectly cooked in short order.  I *love* a good burger.  There is nothing I'd rather have in front of me.  Up until now I've been traveling an hour each way to Eagle's Deli in Brookline, MA for the "perfect" (IMHO) burger.  Well now Luxe is a VERY close second, and is only minutes away.|0|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|23uLFQYiBHfXA_RFBuXhMg|1|Brief summary:  Food is great, staff is unfriendly, very casual and laid back ... won't be returningFull story:Went here later in the night to grab some food with friends.  We were sat upstairs which seemed more like we were in someones attic and they ran down to grab snacks for us all.  It clearly is set up to be more like a bar, so I do not recommend if you are looking for something nice.  It most definitely is a casual and laid back place to go.  Our waitress was blunt and short with us, didn't seem like she wanted to be bothered by us.  I ordered the Strawberry Sour in which she said was very good, I was unsure since it has egg whites in it, but  it turned out to be quite tasty!  While sitting awaiting for our friends to show up, I hopped on here to Yelp on my phone to read reviews about this place.  Luckily I did so I didn't expect for much.  The burgers are small and do not come with sides.  You can order fries, the sweet potato french fries are good, but they seem like it was the skin of the potato that was fried up.  When the girl took our order she rushed us, as we finished ordering she grabbed the menus and ran off.  So we all sat there and joked about the poor service we were receiving.  Luckily none of needed anything after we received our food, because the server did not come back to check on us until we were done with everything.  I actually had to knock on the floor to attempt to grab her attention as if we all were standing up to leave.  She came upstairs and didn't ask if the food was good or if we wanted dessert, just grabbed the plates and left to the back room.  She then came back to our table with a half empty water pitcher, placed it down for us to fill ourselves, and then went downstairs after placing the check down.  No thank you or anything.  Of course as always we were paying with a card, so we sat and waited for her to come back up, and as we figured, no return.  We waited long enough for us to become annoyed with the lack of service.  I then had to turn to my phone, and to Yelp and then called the bar where our server had answered.  I promptly informed her it was us from upstairs calling and that we were waiting around for her and she said "okay" and hung up the phone.  We then heard a stampede which was in fact her running up the stairs to run the card.  She didn't say anything to us, just grabbed the card and charged it and then returned to downstairs.  Bottom line is you need not to expect service here, especially if you are in a rush, and if so then I would sit at the bar so you can get attention when you need it.|1|1|0
wvzMYKKidWIWgPHFXeUW1g|L_hR80PFoJbkmTsSbOOzxQ|3|I come here for nime chow pretty often, and theirs never disappoints. However, the one time I switched things up and ordered the spicy noodles from their specials board, they were greasy and disappointing. I'll definitely go back, but plan to stick to dishes that can be prepared ahead for the lunch rush, such as nime chow, soups and sandwiches.|0|0|0
PUcbOM5EdCijAhFN9GAtBw|VqSFTE5f-mDzoLeXS-16xw|4|I was first introduced to this company through their pizzas at whole foods - sadly they don't sell them there anymore.  Still, you can eat from this place one of a few ways: take home a cold pizza and cook at home, order and eat there, or get delivery.  This is not the greasy pizza place around the corner - it is a much more refined pizza, and while the price does reflect this, I think it is totally worth it.  I love the margarita pizza because of the addition of the balsamic drizzle at the end.  They have a large selection of other combinations, many which look delicious, though I am always drawn back to the margarita.  I have also built my own with the choice of white or wheat crust, 10 sauces, and many many toppings. The pink vodka sauce was yummy, and I'm ready to try out some of the others in the future. So take a break from the greasy pizza and take a yummy bite of some gourmet pizza for once.|0|0|0
3Fl9FLuDyOiqXOU8iM2Aqw|m-TsawGiLTkiZtRNXdYN2w|2|Tea in Sahara is quintessentially Providence. It's a hookah bar/cafe run out of a house on Governor Street with outdoor seating in the rear. Its a neighborhood joint that you can walk to, one of those places that makes the town special. I also learned that Tea in the Sahara is the name of a pretty decent song by The Police.Too bad I couldn't bring myself to like it despite wanting to. First off, i'm not a fan of their signature mint iced tea. The consistency of the "tea" here is thick and syrupy, tastes overly saccharine, which dominates the faint taste of tea and muddled mint. It would have been better black and unsweetened to allow for customization and maybe with some lemon.The prospect of smoking in a place without noise pollution like Pitbull remixes and dubstep playing in the background was intriguing. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to enjoy the brief period of silence as the hookah seemed very harsh and acrid. It induced a cough - probably as a result of being unclean?  The silence dissipated as some kids decided to bang on the stray conga drums. Musicians they were not. I'm guessing the accoustics are worse when school is in session and the place is more crowded.Another quibble is that hookah coals are frequently changed by the staff at other places. Doing it yourself here is a chore.Although this has the trappings of a great spot, the execution leaves a lot to be desired and isn't good enough to warrant a second visit.|0|0|0
wKaal1Y4D9DIJPkHVNyP_A|dMJPOYeBrb7xRzFeBvHiCA|5|Excellent dining experience at Bacaro.  My wife & I recently went with a friend of ours and had a thoroughly pleasant dinner.The salumeria selection offers a great way to start a meal.  In addition to both cured meats (try the speck) and cheeses, there are also some small plates (both hot and cold).  The menu offers a range of options from a full blown multi-course meal to individual options like pasta or wood-grilled pizzas.  Excellent wine selection as well, heavy on Italian wines though plenty of options from other regions.Place itself is reasonably open w/ high ceilings.  There's seating both downstairs and upstairs, the former adjacent to the bar and the latter offering a view of the kitchen.  Service wasn't exceptional, though still very good overall.  But the food was definitely outstanding.|3|0|1
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|nuFG-ukiDV_GGh_rBK4m_A|4|I used to live across the street from the CoFX and frequented the place at least once a day.    This was based less on the fact that I am too damn lazy to make my own coffee and more on the fact that living across the street from CoFX factored slightly into my decision to reside on Wickenden St.The coffee here is very good.  It's not burnt, like all of these other coffee n00bs complain about.The interior is un-hip, un-colorful, and un-laid back.  The place is exploding with intense-looking academics who will take up tables and spread their sh** all over the place and not get up from their spots for the entire day.SHARE YOUR TABLEGET OVER YOURSELF|0|0|0
DDyFfkS0987e1aQEAEZEhA|VtGA0DZBJqwFpGqwxQpLbw|4|I went this past Tues night to check it out. Now I was a frequent going when it was Steam Alley, hopefully not dating myself lol. The upgrade to the atmosphere is a big plus. The same kind of crowd though. The bartender was very pleasant and attentive even with a rather full bar.The food was limited but interesting but I found it rather pricey for bar food. $18 for a chicken quesadilla?  The food was good and portions large. The place still feels more like just a fun bar.|0|0|0
it9mZRfzo9DsFmddSESLbw|xOksuG3z9INky_9CVj8peQ|5|I go to Providence to visit my family very often. We live near by Sawaddee. So,we order from this restaurant a lot.These dishes are my favorite dishes from Sawaddee:1. Som Tum (papaya salad)2. Yum Nurr (beef salad)3. Muk Tua Squid is amazing!!! the squid is so big and so soft with chili/sweet sauce served with stringbeans...hm.... I can't get enough.RAMA dish is good,too but I think the sauce is similar to Muk Tua Squid. so, if you order the squid dish, you shouldn't order Rama dish. 4. Honey fish (Pla-Tod). it's deep fried fish with honey sauce....so good! you can order duck instead,too 5. Pad Thai is pretty good6. Pad Malay (Pad see ew), it's widen/flat noodle with black sauce....I love it.7. for curry, I would go for Chu Chee seafood. it's sort of orange curry. with a lot of seafood.8. Masaman curry, it's yellow curry with potato and you select meat. 9. Bangkok curry, I like this curry,too. they put pineapple in it. color is kinda orange/red.For dessert, I love banana dumplings serve with vanilla ice cream. it's a very nice hot/cold combination..oh! if you want an updated menu, go to their website:  http://www.sawaddeerestaurant.com/Hope this help! enjoy guys. If I explore something else, I will let you know.|2|0|0
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|LZzDaL0KRjgF9f9UMEf6Yg|5|They accept credit cards, their food is freaking delicious and cheap as hell. If they have pork belly, GET IT. I don't live nearby, which usually means I need to find the truck and then find a parking spot. Sometimes it's worth the drive around to find a parking spot, other times I give up, but in any case the food here is worth driving to.|0|0|0
QAxQdJ5m-wrvLUUGb0-ulw|l5ZEeWMBir0YeBQmw1copw|1|Watery drinks, undercooked burger, a FIRE AT OUR TABLE. The waitress never asked about the first two and didn't even notice the third. I guess they take the no-frills atmosphere seriously!The martini recipes sounded good and flavor was ok, but more sugar water than liquor and in a small glass for $8. The burger looked appetizing but was literally raw aside from a brown, grilled surface. The fries were good, but had a weird coconut smell / taste, we still can't figure that one out.For some reason, they serve food in baskets with large paper liners --  at the same time completely unprotected votive candles are burning at the table. Aren't open flames like this illegal in RI?  In any case, the paper caught on fire -- THERE WERE FLAMES SHOOTING A FOOT HIGH and not one member of the staff noticed. We put it out ourselves, luckily, before anyone was hurt. We went early and got a parking spot - I would've been ticked had we paid for valet and had this experience on top of it. I can't think of a situation where I would rush back here again. We knew WR would be a quick, pub-type meal before going elsewhere for the night. I didn't expect to have to join the firefighter's union just to get through the meal... although the idea of that pole secretly fascinates me.|1|4|0
Wd9p_AlZTnN6pBHmT9YemQ|IcdxwCBX6rNHwlcFJEVVtQ|3|Jacky's has all the makings of a big, fabulous, glamourous, sleek and sophisticated downtown sushi restaurant, but there are two things holding it back from being great:1) The food. It's ok, but nothing special. Our sushi was 'meh', and didn't taste fresh. I think that, perhaps, the rolls were pre-rolled, because they came out super-fast. Also, out house salad with ginger dressing was so bland, I had to add soy sauce to it to make it register on my buds. For almost $50 per person, I would expect more. 2) The service, while excellent, was just too quick. We went out on a Friday night for a night out, and while the valet, hostess, and server were all excellent, everything just happend so... fast. We were in and out in under and hour; it was hardly the lingering dinner I was so looking forward to throughout the week. There was also something faintly chain-y about it, however, as I mentioned the space is lovely - it's really beautiful and the view of the river is one of the best in downtown. I hope that they make a few adjustments to the food (PLEASE - fresh sushi is paramount!), and slow down that service.|3|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|smK233okr7aII6RNRgL4QA|2|Over priced , underserved.|1|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|088SkMN7Hjn2vK2MEUfc3Q|3|This place looked promising, but never really lived up to the expectations. The interior is very cool -- both times I entered I was looking for a really comfortable seat and drink.The cocktail menu is impressive looking, but both times I've visited both myself and my guests have found their drinks less than adequate (this time around, the white manhattan was very sweet and watered down). The bar is at least impressive, and you can order pretty much anything you want.During the weekends this place gets packed, which renders the intimate look and feel somewhat useless.|1|0|0
ahAvfTdZnblSR6S4ZpXCtw|pzZEAHDhN2c1PeEkZh54vA|3|Oh Cheesecake Factory... another love hate relationship...I want to love you but I can't get over the fact that every time I go there is something wrong with someone's meal and I've never had GREAT service, ever! I always order one of three things and it's inevitable that there is always something MISSING from my dish!When the food is good, it's REALLY good but the prices, on a whole, are very high for what you get. But i'm sure most of the cost is for the "ambiance" and "experience" of the establishment. I live close by so I tend not to go when I know it's going to be busy because I don't have the patience to wait, there are plenty of other restaurants to go to instead of waiting so long, it IS Providence after all... My three favorite meals are:Thai Chicken Pasta - always delicious, moist chicken, great sauceCorn Tamales - great taste, rich & creamy, burst of flavorsGrilled Chicken Tostada Salad - Fresh, flavorful, fillingA pet peeve of mine is that EVERY time I order water (with lemon) I get it in a plastic glass... What, is my water not worthy of a GLASS??? I always have to ASK them to put in it a glass.. (very annoying) Treat all of your beverages equally!!I'm also not so keen on the seating arrangements they have.. I ALWAYS request a booth, I can not stand sitting at a table and have the people sitting next to you practically AT your table.. On occasion I like to treat myself and stop in for a cheesecake to go! The cheesecake is very rich. Some people like it some don't.. Personally, it's good.. I've had better, I've had worse.. but they do have a very large selection!Until we eat again..NiNi M.|0|1|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|CE_uUA8hGLKGF8m7B55DCQ|5|So good. So, so good. I lived in NYC for 3 years and never found any falafel that was even close to being this good. If I could, I'd give them 10 stars.|0|0|0
YEwDXqS6WaT37N3ZQIhbiw|L_hR80PFoJbkmTsSbOOzxQ|3|Sometimes I sit at my desk at work, stare out the window and daydream of a day when a lunch place I really like will open in the Jewelry District. The bagels at Bagel Gourmet are pretty good, especially with a choice of seven or eight types of cream cheese, but the other food I've had from there has been mediocre-to-bad. I think they should stick to what they do best and stop trying to have a giant menu.|0|0|0
P2r5tl57DWK5AcZ_GiSvWg|-xLcdovlNPPX22nfCKC2lw|4|In this land so thoroughly devoid of culinary delights (new england)  I found this pizza to be a pleasant, no,  joyous respite.   The grande was really grade b+!  A bit short on sauce and nary a hint of oregano none the less a quality pie.|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|ZhK2xIa4f73JZfua7IP8vA|5|The apotheosis of fancy-pants thin-crust pizza, performed by hipsters.Gourmet thin-crust pizza has become a bit effete as of late, with restaurants such as Cambridge 1 and Penguin Pizza in Boston serving a smattering of toppings on essentially a matzo wafer and calling it refined.  Fellini has resisted the trend, and has managed to achieve the oxymoronic filling thin-crust pizza.My favorite is "The Kitchen Sink," a $24 masterpiece with mozzarella, feta, peppers, pepperoni, and PENNE PASTA (!), along with several other ingredients, to produce a greasy medley of flavor.  Crust constitution is right on the line between lift-and-bite vs fork-and-knife, at least for the first few bites.  Try a slice first if the whole pizza seems daunting.2 slices are good enough for dinner.  Compare this with needing a snack after downing a whole Cambridge 1 "pie."Crust hardens a bit when cold, but softens in the microwave.Dining in is an excellent option.  Fancy sodas of the Jones variety are available, as are copies of the Boston Globe to pick through as you attack your pizza.|0|0|0
-93uBoiVyQ2ZPABERT621w|W315rGdFMjwBr87lUPAZeg|4|I've been here twice now and really think this place has some great potential.  The first time that I went, it was on a Friday evening after work.  The place was pretty crowded, the only place to sit was at the bar.  We were served right away.  They do have a nice selection of beers on tap.  A mix of a little bit of everything.  We ordered a couple of appetizers that were good - we didn't stick around for dinner.  The appetizers were substantial enough that we weren't really that hungry afterwards.  The second time I went, it was on a Saturday night.  It was empty at first and never really got crowded - which I guess is good although it was a little awkward with so few people in the place.  The bar is new and on a side street so maybe people just don't know about the place yet.Generally, the place has a great feel to just hang out with friends.  They have a ton of tables.  It is a little loud once the place gets crowded.  I had trouble hearing my friend sometimes and she was sitting right next to me.  The service was great - actually, they had a ton of people working, probably too many people.  They spent a great deal of time congregating at the bar speaking to each other.  While it didn't affect our service, it was kind of weird that they didn't just do that in the back or something.  But like I said, it didn't affect our service or anything.  The place has a lot of potential to be a great bar - it'd be awesome if they started a trivia night during the week!|0|0|0
mdqwn32B4RVJI8_MQLXXHg|QbcI5G8Qj2X5jV-ncrHnww|4|Froyoworld has my heart.This place is a little bit ridiculous, a bit overpriced, and then give you such a giant container to put your froyo in that you always end up with more then you planned and it gets melty before you can scoop it into your gaping maw--but I have no beef with them.My strategy for this place has been to line the exterior of my cup with an assortment of flavors--fruits on one side, chocolate and richer flavors on the other. Then I choose neutral toppings which I heap into the middle section of the cup.  I realized recently, that this might be why I have a problem with my froyo is melting so quickly--be advised!I also have sleuthed out the lightest toppings and OD'ed on them.  Am I cheap, why yes I am, but when you have a deep and abiding love for froyo, you need to cut corners whenever possible.  The juice-filled bath beads (don't know their real name) are good, but to be used sparingly.What I love about froyoworld:--It's like walking into a discotheque filled with froyo--There's always a flavor I haven't tried--The undergrads who hang out there seem always jaded and slightly European (though it might just be the music that makes me think that)--You get your froyo, and then if you wander away from Thayer Street, you can always find an idyllicly-situated bench to sit on and contemplate how kick-ass froyo is|1|5|1
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|ZpnA9ZDunx6LwHIo7Gw8wg|4|Madeleine's Thoughts Pizza and I have a love-hate relationship but I think I have finally found a pizza place that doesn't make me feel terrible afterwards. I eat their pizza and don't get that sinking feeling in my stomach afterwards.I love the buffalo chicken pizza the most, probably because it packs just enough heat while still delivering taste.They have a fun selection of drinks and great vegan options (definitely a plus). I love their thin wheat crust and their high quality ingredients. I have not tried a wrap and don't think I ever will, actually... because I love their pizza too much to get anything else when I walk inside! Only thing I would love is if they were open juuuust a bit later. They close at 12am and just one more hour of pizza time would be heaven.Not a lot of room for sitting down, but I always get mine to go. I have other people to see, places to yelp, and homework to do (speaking of which....).|1|1|1
nWu8OljDYmLfbLQqcfW9Sw|Z_NBSxxsMiACYkVvg1KvDg|4|Just tried this place for the first time and loved it. The decor is really cool- Lots of wood, open and airy, giving it a contemporary feeling without seeming dated and contrived. My tofu stone pot bibimbap was awesome, and my dining partner's tofu teriyaki was also very good. Nothing was very spicy, but I'm sure you could ask for things to be spicier if you wanted. Still, the flavors were very good, even without the heat. Service was attentive and prompt. Prices were reasonable, and they had a lunch menu with some very good deals on it.I've also tried the place across the street, and I much prefer the atmosphere and menu here. I'm very happy to have this place within walking distance. Things seem to come and go on Westminster, I really hope they stay.|1|0|0
9W-k-SJpyEZF1hmiK8MA5Q|6kEJhXXIpH7VP97OBLvHkQ|4|I used to love coming here! They had some menu items that were different and always delicious. I guess their closed now!! I hope I can find someplace to make me that delicious challah french toast... it was heavenly!!!|1|0|1
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|_Zo0sIkSpWurzNjVnXiBOg|3|I'm not a fan of Indian food, but I do like the rice and bread basket at Kabob and Curry. I know that sounds like an odd order (everyone tells me so - lol), but I order it every time. The lamb naan and poori bread are very good. Good service.|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|x5CMZDlNRZgwpliJy63SIw|2|I wish I were sitting down to write a stellar review for Local 121, instead it's just the opposite. The bar at Local 121 has always proved to be a fun time for me.  Good music, good vibes, great atmosphere and ambiance.For my birthday dinner, a friend suggested we try dining at the former Dreyfus Hotel turned community based restaurant and I was excited!  I thought to myself, wow... it's going to be great.  This place is beautiful inside; high "godfather" golden fabric seating, modern decor and an out of this world menu featuring locally grown farmers ingredients.There were 4 of us in our party and we were seated, upon request, in one of the large booths.  Our waiter, Toby, was very friendly, prompt and knowledgeable; we most certainly enjoyed his service. We started off with two appetizers: Roasted Beet Pierogies and a special being offered that night which was a plate of bread served with an apple butter, spicy mustard, duck liver pate and pork belly.The four of us each ordered a different large plate and then shared each other's cuisine to see what we were working with; we're all foodies and this is what we do.  We had the Pan Roasted Bomster Scallops, Chickpea Fried Point Judith Cod, Pineland Farms Flat Iron Steak and Frites and Local 121 Meatloaf with two sides of Roasted Potatoes.  All of the food was mediocre at best; overpriced and nothing to write home about.  It was quite disappointing to say the least.  After two bottles (one red, one white) of yet again, overpriced wine; the bill for the four of us was just shy of $300.  I really can't put my finger on what exactly was such a letdown regarding the food.  Perhaps it was too bland.  Perhaps I had such high expectations.  Perhaps the chef was having an "off" night.  Regardless, nothing that we ordered was as overwhelmingly awesome as I really hoped it would have been. Since I had tasted so many items on the menu that night, I don't think I'll ever dine at Local 121 again.  As far as stop by the bar and have a cocktail; now that's another story.|1|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|s26YAbzuswA2CduUP1AJGw|4|Duck and Bunny is a quaint little restaurant  with a chic french design and warming fireplaces. This tiny little restaurant may be small but does contain a variety of seating areas. My favorite by far is the garden patio which is beautiful at any time, lovely to go for tea time.The design and atmosphere are elegant and simply and really stands true to French styled eatery. The cup cake tea bar can attract anyone's attention with the fine variety of cupcakes and the presentation at which they are served is lovely. The chalkboard them starts at the front door and is carried throughout the restaurant from the counter, to the patio, and even in the bathrooms. The ambiance is created with dim  lighting and soft french tunes. The menu is classic french treats from scones and Crepes to a refined beef Burgundy. Many Teas, coffee, and French wines to add. Many other customers think that the service isn't on their game, Duck and Bunny is a small place to be hounded by your waitress just isn't appropriate. I don't mind the distant waiter which is how many service in France really is anyway. with reasonable prices great food and lovely ambiance Duck and Bunny is in my top 5 best restaurants in Providence. Sa Bon!|1|1|0
PamuLXPdpmIsu8tvLQtKNw|m-TsawGiLTkiZtRNXdYN2w|3|When people refer to Sakis as that "dirty pizza place," they're probably referring to the old  blue hued chalkboard menu dive this place used to be. It was always nice for the variety of pizzas and calzones which took way too long to be warmed up, but my favorite has always been the gyros. Austerity may be what's needed for the greek economy, but you certainly won't find any of that in Saki's loaded gyro sandwiches. The loaded meat and tzatziki wrap is so good, its bound to be toxic. But who cares?The place has changed, with a glass exterior, full service bar and the luxury of a sneeze guard over the food, which never previously existed.The food here will never be great, but when you need a slice in a hurry or have to satisfy a craving for greasy/fried goodness, you know where to go.|0|0|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|OJm9oXOL5PXDvW9gkay67A|2|Never. Again.Last night marked my third visit to Luxe and the experience was so atrocious I'm thinking it was also my last.  It's a damn shame, too, because the food there really is pretty good.  Unfortunately, the service has been steadily declining since they opened and last night it officially reached a level of bloody abhorrent.We arrived around 7pm (on a Sunday, mind) and were told that there was a 45min - 1hr wait for an inside table, but we could sit outside immediately.  We were on our way to a show, so figured we'd brave the chilly evening in order to get served faster.  The joke was on us.We were seated at the farthest end of the outside area, where it was not only pitch dark, but we were impossible to see from the main dining area inside.  Forget trying to flag down your waiter out there...We did get our drink order put in immediately (mojito and cosmo), which was initially encouraging, but it then took nearly 15 min for them to arrive.It was at least another 20 before the appetizer (steak and cheese egg rolls... which are very good) showed up and it was well after 8:30pm before we saw our meal, which we couldn't even enjoy due to the fact we essentially had to pack it up and run.I'm still not sure why we didn't walk out.  We probably should have, since we ended up missing half of the show we'd been going to see after dinner.  While the waiter was apologetic, there was never an offer to comp part of the meal as a thank you for not pulling a chew and screw, like two other tables had.I'm guessing this is because there's no manager on duty there.  If it turns out there is, it's time someone find them a new vocation, because nothing there is being accomplished with any sort of efficient expediency.Half the reason there is a wait is because tables are left dirty for a half hour or more.  The other reason is that you wait so long for service it hinders the turnover.  I'm all for a leisurely dinner experience, but I'd prefer it be by choice.I know this isn't Burger King, but it's not Flemming's either.  Even with the build a burger option, there are still only a finite number of combinations you can make with the options they give you.  Slapping a burger together should never take nearly 2 hours.Sorry, Luxe, but three strikes and you're out.|0|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|NkRGMnrEX77ly1wmCLsuBA|1|It's fast food!  Such garbage!!!!|0|1|0
mdqwn32B4RVJI8_MQLXXHg|GFfIobQHKmCjzJU_tlTbKw|4|This is a toss up between a 3 and a 4. But I'll give it a 4, simply because I enjoyed it more than I didn't.I am probably the happiest girl ever that froyo and cupcakes are not taking center stage in desserts. I got the cake batter froyo and it was pretty good, a little bit too sweet. But they had a good variety of flavors. And it was pretty clean.My only complaints are the price (it is a little bit high per ounce) as well as the lack of space. It gets way too crowded, especially in the summer.|1|0|0
1u5tSUPGO213ZX0WBj0uxQ|6oa-O8pPzYAdBmWmgcTwew|4|Located in the center of Providence minutes from Johnson and Wales University and RISD, Gourmet Heaven is the place to be for breakfast, hot lunch, or any item from virtually around the world.  They import many products from Europe and Asia, and the prices are pretty reasonable.  My favorite thing about Gourmet Heaven is the hot lunch buffet.  They have both hot and cold options, starting with salad and fresh fruit, as well as tofu options.  As the line progresses the hot options are overwhelming.  For your starches they have a couple types of pasta, one macaroni and cheese that's really great and one shell pasta with awesome tomato sauce.  Also, their lo mein noodles are a personal favorite.  For your protein they usually have spare ribs, steak tips, and breaded chicken.  Gourmet Heaven is ideal for a lunchtime getaway from the office, for they do offer outdoor seating in addition of second floor seating within the establishment.  If you spend $10 or more a visit, they offer a rewards card that after ten visits you receive a free sandwich.  The sandwiches they offer are really tasty too, they have a chicken pesto which is good but a crab cake which is great.|0|0|0
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|tddtZt1e1ywJr-ykYWphRA|5|Damn good sandwiches. I came in, ordered, and he asked me what I wanted in it. I asked him for a recommendation and he got it 100% spot on. When I went to pay for it, the other employee asked if I was a student, and he gave me a 15% discount! I didn't even know there was a discount. From there, I knew that the sandwich was going to taste about 2x better. Service was a bit slow, but I didn't mind. The dude served me my sandwich (I was at a table and he brought it over), the Kervokian, and it was all meaty deliciousness. Can't wait to come back!|0|0|1
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|xEzPJcx5Ny6NLm0p974dJA|5|If I could give this place 6 stars, I would.  This is, without a doubt, one of the best dining experiences I've ever had.My friends and I drove down from Boston to check out Waterfire, and needed a place to dine.  After scoping out some yelp reviews, Josephine L. picked out Gracie's, and birthday girl Daniella K. and I happily obliged.  The price was right, the location was great, and the reviews were high.I should preface by saying that, while I really love food, I tend to not veer to the "foodie" angle because I'm not into exorbitant price tags on meals.  I can get behind high quality stuff, though, when I at least feel like I'm getting a good deal, and don't feel like the servers are extra-snooty in a foo-foo atmosphere.Gracie's had a hip, star-themed decor, extremely pleasant, knowledgeable, friendly, patient, down-to-earth staff - even the valet remembered to say happy birthday when we picked up the car after Waterfire!Before our apps came out, we were treated with a complimentary birthday champagne toast, spoons of done-up cheese, and scattered silver stars for the birthday girl.  We then got to have personalized cocktails created for us based on our interests - I copied Josephine's and got a drink that almost tasted like a creamsicle-sour. Yum!I got the gazpacho with crab and my pals both ordered the heirloom tomato salad - we thought everything was delicious, and my gazpacho was a work of art.  For the entree two of us got duck confit and one got the fish (cod in place of sea bass, but prepped the same way).  It was all we could do to not lick our plates clean.For dessert one got the bittersweet chocolate dessert, another got the fruits with lavender ice cream, but we all agreed mine was the best: the creme brulee.  I think even beyond this being one of the best (if not *the* best) creme brulees I've ever had, it was heightened by the complement of one of my favorite fruits - the very hard to find ground cherry (that's the little green thing).  It was a perfect one, too.  Shortly before our bill arrived we were brought complementary mint-chocolate macaroons to finish off our meal.SO: truly outstanding service, free valet, incredible food, crafted drinks, gorgeous decor, a handful of freebees, and a pris fixe menu with the small small pricetag of $30 (less than two entrees combined).  This restaurant is worth the hour-long drive to Providence, Waterfire or not.  I will be back, guaranteed.|1|0|2
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|yAJu8p1Rf40MV5FAKKF79Q|1|If it were not for Brown and their students insatiable appetite for margaritas and lousy Mexican food this place would have shut its doors years ago. Stay away.|1|1|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|tSMhPDEGksgKNXlDrURd0w|5|This place is amazing. I'm from Dallas, but every time I come up to Providence to visit my friend I insist that we come here to eat at least once. I describe it to other people as a sort of Mediterranean Chipotle. I've never gotten anything besides the wraps, but they are so good that I wouldn't think of getting anything else. You can pick what you want in your wrap; they have plenty of vegetarian choices including falafel, grape leaves, hummus, tabbouleh, as well as different meats to choose from. My favorite is the combo of lamb and chicken, but the falafel is also fantastic. Then you pick your toppings - hot sauce, hummus, tabbouleh, onions, banana peppers, pickles, and tzatziki sauce. All of this wrapped up in a huge pita for around $7! If they were in Texas I'd be here all the time.|1|0|0
P2r5tl57DWK5AcZ_GiSvWg|QbcI5G8Qj2X5jV-ncrHnww|5|Pizza Pie-er has excellent pizza tons of variety in topping, crust and sauces. I've been ordering from them regularly for years, and still haven't tried everything. The service is speedy, consistent and friendly, plus you can order online and have all the toppings and specialty pizzas listed out in front of you. As a vegetarian, is is so refreshing to see actual options besides just cheese pizza. I love their whole grain crust--it's hearty without feeling heavy, and the veggie crust adds a complex flavor to the plainest of pizzas. I've heard people complain about the prices before, but for what you get, it's totally worth it. You could pay less for a pizza that's cheaper quality, but I want something that actually tastes good.  Also if you're on their mailing list, they send out coupons and special deals all the time.  I haven't paid full price in years.Also, their salads are surprisingly good for a pizza place.  I do wish they didn't serve Pepsi because often the deals include a 2 liter, but I'm content with everything else they do, so I can let that go.|0|0|0
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|x5CMZDlNRZgwpliJy63SIw|5|5 star restaurant.I've only been once, but I'd really love to go back again. Very sexy and rustic ambiance.  The food is to die for.  I dined on the Grilled Black Angus with a celery root puree and roasted mushroom ragout.  Yummy yummy in my tummy.The service is impeccable; as good as it gets.  Dining at Mill's Tavern is a truly exceptional experience!|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|bmNxG7gLYbhVu3u0nymI4g|4|ooooooh!the cheese pizza with the white and wheat flour mix!highly recommended if you like thin crust pizza!(you can even get a buy one get one free in the entertainment book,only a $5.00 value,but thatll get you 2 big slices of whatever you wish);)|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|NvmiZMzqAC1F4o-RJez1-w|5|We have been going to this restaurant for about 20 years, or from whenever it opened.  The food is amazing.  We have taken friends there who are Indian, friends who have never had Indian food, and others who know Indian food well.  All have been impressed by the quality.  I have a few favorite dishes (chicken saag, chicken korma), but my husband works his way around the menu.  His particular favorites are fish tikka and pretty much any of the lamb dishes because the lamb is always wonderfully tender.We also love the Sunday buffet.  I occasionally struggle to find more than a couple of dishes I like, being rather picky, but I know the next time I'll find more than enough.  The option is always there to order off the menu, of course.Our great regret is that the restaurant is about 35 minutes away.|0|0|0
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|bDuVjoGOoilJEgfhM1iQfg|5|I can't even begin to rave about the Naam Yaa soup, although it seems that everyone on the page has done the job for me. Everything on the menu that I've tried has been exceptional so far. My favorite dish would have to be the green chili, hands down. It's got the perfect balance of spicy & sweet. If you're more daring, I'd suggest the red chili which is much spicier. Also, the mini eggrolls are delicious, and they come out quickly so they're a great starter.I can't wait for the new upstairs dining to open up. I'm sure to be back soon!|1|0|1
WhANqUQu_SJIuD7g8AXTAg|iJMDvVg6Mgl43is4XxIKsA|3|Paragon has always been there for me.  It's been there on days when I was cruising Thayer Street and needed some lunch, it was there when my sister needed a cool place that could accommodate the rehearsal dinner for her wedding... it's been there for me a lot.  I've tried several dishes, and for the most part they've been spot on.  Recently I tried one of their pizzas though (take-out or else I swear I would have returned it) and it was probably the worst pizza I've ever tried.  It was just wrong, so wrong.  I tried the Mediterranean expecting to be blown away, and instead I got a doughy, dried out version of what I knew was supposed to be pizza, and the eggplant was chewy, not even cooked through!  Don't order the pizza.  Otherwise, I've tried pasta dishes there and burgers which have both been quite satisfactory.  The penne pesto with chicken and the penne telephono are personal favorites.  Try those... but NOT the pizza.  You'll thank me.|2|0|1
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|z67oNAZR_uHG84k3Dntckg|5|I hadn't had Indian food since moving to Providence and was feeling a little deprived ... no longer! What an awesome neighborhood gem. I am full and happy and so so so looking forward to returning (soon*!The menu is really extensive. They have food from all over India, so you can have tandoori chicken, dosas, biryani, or whatever else might strike your fancy. My dining companion had never eaten Indian food so between us we sampled a pretty wide range. We started out with a chaat which was really delicious. I couldn't even tell you what was in it, but it was delicious :) We also had papadam which came with 2 sauces and a chutney, all of which were great and which we kept around to eat with naan and our entrees. For entrees, I had mango chicken and my dining companion had chicken vindaloo. The mango chicken was super-flavorful and very creamy. It was plenty for both my dinner and lunch the next day - a very generous portion and definitely spot-on for the price. The chicken vindaloo had really good heat but was not overwhelmingly spicy. We topped off our meal with naan, which was nice and fluffy. Yum. Service was absolutely stellar. Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. Two thumbs up! As a bonus, we were able to snag a Yelp deal - $20 for $30 worth of food. They also have a check-in offer for 20% off your order. So what are you waiting on? Go eat!|1|0|0
qylEvwzt5M_p7QTveZlEvQ|2o0uVjXpnfoIbSZg3iUE-A|5|Great atmosphere. Clean and contemporary. Not too bright or too dark. It was a quiet night and the service was so friendly and interactive. I love having the Pesto Shrimp with a salad for dinner. The martinis are the best priced the same as every where else but the difference is the Bartender , I can never remember her name is the best. She comes up with some different drinks that are excellent. My Favorite night at the ROI is Polenta fries, Pesto Shrimp with the Baby Spinach Salad and Filet Mignon!!  The food  is always hot and fresh.|0|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|b6skcBt1fDCTnrhVH9PtZA|2|I'd been to Louis right after DDD did their show and the ProJo ran a story on them.  I had the pumpkin pancakes then and longed for them since.  I finally took myself back to Louis this week and was pretty bummed.  The pancakes were pretty flavorless and if anything taste a little charred... even though they were not burnt at all. The link sausage was inedible.   I sat outside as it was one of the first nice days of the year and had t go back inside for water and a warm up of coffee even though the place was half full and my waitress frequently came outside to look in the street or check out her car.  Louis is still a steal of a deal though.  For a short stack, link sausage (which I didn't eat, and coffee I think my total was aprx $8).|0|0|0
1M5pHJqGLL_-t74M37uQ0Q|Q2-3y-Ujr_NSU4g1xSChxg|4|Ate here with a group of 6 in October 2007.  Loved it.  Great service,food,and drink!|1|0|0
t0CBd_dgyztTvUkGX5fPBg|LOI-_XYhJAhp3254KbaTxw|3|Staff is friendly, ambience is good, but food is average.Can't get a decent whole grain bagel. Servings are miniature. Bagels, cheese, eggs etc from any NYC street cart will be better and cheaper!Good for college crowd though.|1|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|1QuwE2zdmu0VZbzHgQtKJQ|4|I almost felt like an interloper -- at first -- in this well-known funky joint in the heart of the Brown campus:  I was significantly older than the next oldest customer -- I'm in my 70's -- but I was allowed to blend right in with the eclectic crowd of noon-time diners. The place screams of idiosyncrasy:  Classical music,"lots of crap on the walls" ( as an earlier reviewer put it, ) off-beat hours, a happy mix of town and gown and an intriguing set of food choices --  old favorites and the strikingly new. I followed the advice of my companion, a hip, younger regular (also in his 70's!) and ordered the daily special highlighted on the menu atop the back wall: a gooey, beefy, cheesy, delicious pile of lasagna. For dessert -- not a specialty -- we split a good-sized frosted coffee bun, toasted: A+.  This all must have sent my INR sky-high - - but it was worth the risk.Even though Bette Davis might  be moved to repeat, "What a dump!," I'll be back.  I have to read some more of that wall decor, maybe pick up a $5 t-shirt and poke deeper into the menu. From the happy-looking crowd at the tables all around me today, I have a feeling I won't be disappointed.|1|2|2
dt0WE6P8b1AHJdb9V8C9VA|-aCCgPpIkAIslHydMKZjFA|5|This past month, I've had Mama Kim's at least once a day. The menu is simple, yet the amazing meat and sauces keep me coming back. The meat is godly, and Mama Kims does it right every time. I've never had a single piece of meat that was chewy or overcooked. Specials like squid soup and dukboki are a real treat. The service is quick and I can get a great meal for just $7. Brown students are lucky to be Mama Kim's first customers.|2|1|2
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|BPhCgJHhw5omsMH2kLopJQ|4|Ok, time for a long overdue update of Harry's Bar!I figured out how to have a kick ass time everytime we come here:#1- Come during HAPPY HOUR weekdays from 3-5 when all burgers are HALF price!! This is really a no brainer, why pay double ever again for the same burger?!#2- Sit at the BAR. The bartenders are all awesome, friendly, and professionals who have great personality and give excellent service. The first couple times we sat at the tables where service can be sub-par. It seems they have the A team at the bar and the B team on the floor. The difference in service level is palpable. The food is always awesome no matter what kind of burger you order and the beer selection is also fantastic, so keep the above in mind and you won't be disappointed.|1|0|0
it9mZRfzo9DsFmddSESLbw|4YM1euWbGmJdvl4caq4dGg|4|I am extremely late in reviewing this restaurant as the first time I ever went there was years and years ago. First off, do not expect to enjoy your meal in a spacious restaurant as that is not what you will get. There are about 8 tables in the entire place and extremely snug. One of my tricks is when frequenting little "dive eats" I always go in the "off-season" of the day, lunch early or late dinner...this way you are not cramped. On this particular occasion, I went for lunch and was pleased to see that theu have a lunch menu; however, it is only to dine-in...which sucks if you just want to take it back to the office with you. The server didn't speak very much English but was friendly. I started out with the lunch portion Som Tum Salad, fine strips of carrot and red cabbage tossed with lime juice, Thai chili, and ground peanuts. Very refreshing and delish, not to mention healthy. I ordered the lunch portion of the Tofu Pad Thai, the waitress talked me into trying it with the Crispy noodle which I was a bit apprehensive about doing as I like my flat rice noodles. I also asked for it to be extra spicy and was asked how spicy based on a 1-4 system...I got 4! The lunch Pad Thai started off with an included smallTom-Yum vegetable soup. It was the best Tom-Yum soup that I have had in a very long time. Not only were the veggies fresh and colorful, the broth was perfectly seasoned and each ingredient sang its own song. I left most of the cabbage in the bowl but finished every last bit of the broth. The Pad Thai was so tasty and spicy just as I requested. This Pad Thai was also the best I have had in quite some time. I don't like it when the Pad Thai is overly soppy & wet, glistening with oil. This was fresh, light and just enough bean sprouts, egg, scallions and peanuts. I was very pleased with my lunch and can't wait to go back to try other things which may be difficult as I can't imagine not getting these items again.For all of the people with bad experience, I am sorry to hear that. It is difficult with mom & pop spots as sometimes it is lacking in service or atmosphere but the food is amazing. For all of the people complaining about how small it is...Quality not quantity!! I will continue to go back to this place as long as it is open.|1|0|0
pZnk9tKEHrEIHq0NfSzXRA|08oBMLE8uTKYJJ8gyyvu6w|5|Despite it being crowded on a thursday night in a very tight place, the waitress was outstanding, zipping around the tiny tapas bar like a busy bee.  The food was outstanding.  Iberian jamon for 19 clams?  Yes please.|0|0|0
A6dVeZf0ZKgOqKxB7y0F0w|W0OAy_fO53uuo82l3UCFAg|3|The Better Burger Co. I wasn't planning on coming here tonight. The BRU deals caught my eye but I figured I mostly avoid Thayer Street since it's not funky anymore but so corporate that it should just have signs that scream "BUY ALL YOU SOON TO BE YUPPIES!" It's just not a place I want to be anymore. It's like visiting a dead relative's grave. You know they're there, but why would you want to visit the area their corpse is rotting in?I always feel sad visiting Thayer Street. I miss the desperate street kids and the independent stores. I know there are a few left but they're crowded by the consumers.This place is not a restaurant. It's a joint that is funky but not so trendy that you feel uncomfortable sitting in the small tables with your buddy. Sunday night it was filled with college kids and one Father/Son couple. The tables are formica small. The dining room has a mural painted on the walls that isn't obnoxious, done in desert tones. There's a television on the wall. It is a bright  and cheery place. This place replaces the Oriental store that was here for years. The clerks bring out your food to your table if you eat it here. And the clerks are friendly which is a big plus on Thayer Street.The burgers are healthy. They are not greasy spoon juicy. They are good. The buns are oversized and dry. Maybe it's because I got the whole wheat bun IDK. I ordered the Blue Moon Burger (crumbled blue cheese, mushrooms, and fried onion rings,) it was good. The toppings were not sparse but they were not overwhelming either. Car got The Better Burger, (a 10 oz patty with cheddar, Chourico, fried onion strings and Bourbon sauce,) much tastier than mine, I wished I'd ordered that instead. You can decide to have a small 5.8 oz, medium 8 oz, or large 10 oz burger patty which is nice. I got the 10 oz. We also got fries with the burgers mine were warm and almost limp. Whatever, I've had worse. Car had fresh hot fries and they were good. They're fried in olive oil. It makes them "healthier". Again, whatever. After eating our meal we were still hungry. We ordered the chili fries and the onion rings. They were good too. Car was impressed that they had kidney beans in the chili that was over the fries. I guess I was, too. Car also ordered a strawberry "shake". It was kind of weird. Car said to watch out for the syrupy taste but that it wasn't bad. Whatever it was made from it didn't taste like ice cream which is what I was expecting. It tasted like some kind of creamer filler. I'm not a fan of shakes anyway. Since car already warned me of it tasting a little weird I assume that that is not a good sign. I am wary when something tastes unnatural. I feel bad about being "Meh" about this place. It's not a bad place or a mediocre place. It's just not GREAT. It's a burger place for the local college kids really. It caters to people that believe in the faux "health" BS that is being touted by Mc D's that wants to sell you "healthy" burgers or fast foods. I have news for you people, if you want something healthy it's not a burger or any convenience food. I miss Ruby's. Any way, the staff is very, very nice and the place is clean. It's a better place on this soulless strip. It's a little bit better than Au Bon Pain and their stupid "French Fast Cuisine". I miss diners. I miss the IHOP that used to be up the road. No pretensions of health at the IHOP. At least back then. Well, they do have a "health" part to their menus now but you gotta survive so you cater to the grand mediocre masses.Okay long story short: go to a real diner for a real burger. This place is okay for this area. There's a reason I didn't buy a "BRU Deal" for this place. I'd go here if I was stuck on Thayer Street like we were tonight. I was expecting Indian so maybe I'm seriously disappointed and my attitude is showing through because of that fact. This place is nice. And all those noncommittal adjectives you use for things and people that don't strike your fancy but don't offend you either. Bon frickin' apptit.I just went to their website to see if they delivered. I can't tell but the reason I'm jotting this in is in their "story" it says they've served RI since the 1960's but they're "The New Kid on the Block"? And it seems none of the links on the page work quite right. Oh well at least I could get the menu.|0|0|0
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|gE-5s1PtmW5EDXoe3ClLBw|3|I've been to Mill's twice now and both times were good. At our first visit, a friend's dish was noticeable undercooked. Service took it back and the manager came over with a bottle of wine for her, which I think was a nice touch.Most recently, we visited for Restaurant Week and tried out the menu. The smoked peach risotto was very well cooked and complex in flavor.Though it may have been reduced for the RW menu, the steak was a little small for me. There were no sides and the vegetables had to be purchased additionally. Look like another other Yelper noticed this, too.The idea of RW is to showcase your normal sized entrees to entice people to come back; not to give smaller portions to match the price and scare us off.For dessert I had the molten chocolate cake equivalent which was fine but generic. My friend had the key lime cheesecake and said the lime flavor was very strong (I'm not sure if that was good or bad). Someone at a neighboring table ordered the bread pudding which was the size of a brick. I'll definitely be back to try that.Service was fine but it took a little long to get waters and first drink. Everything after came quickly.|1|0|2
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|W7u1VsDg-THWI2bUb1kD7A|1|Terrible  takeout.  Just ordered the pan seared greasy dough boy dumplings filled w scraps of green something, miso soup that was a cup of low tide, ok crab Rangoon, & slimy avocado roll. The only thing deserving of the 1 star was the chicken fried rice. I haven't eaten here in a year... Not sure if its under different ownership but I'm shocked at how terrible everything was and annoyed that my sick boyfriend couldn't even enjoy his miso soup!|0|0|0
oLwgMzsrvNsq-td3QrN3FQ|tOENP_svO3teF1AWpgW7Vg|3|Service is decent but gotta flag them down for coffee refills. Toast was hardly toasted more like warm bread with tasteless margerine but eggs were really good, small portion of homefries but very tasty!!! Typical diner coffee nothing to brag about. VERY VERY small place so if your a larger person don't go cause your chair to chair and if the guy behind you gets up your getting bumped and if you both get up your gonna run right into eachother!!!! Typical providence small venue though. NO KIDS MENU the only real kids choice is 2 eggs, toast, homefries for 4.25 or side items 1 by 1.|0|0|1
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|-FlV4qnOOAphPgbGDgI8pA|4|This place is the place to go for a really good burger!For $10 you can design your own burger exactly how you want.. right down to the fries (or salald, or whatever else you choose) that accompanies it! I won't be going on a very regular basis since I feel like I gain weight everytime I go... but when I'm craving a good burger this is the spot!!|0|0|0
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|Qn49RX3JRzvsSeM6svOKqw|2|The food here is so inconsistant, and today i had some sweet and sour chicken that was really so bad i had to give them the 2 star review. I think they pay better attention to their eat in customers, but the takeout really is mediocre at best.|2|0|0
qhz-qmRp30-khTbJ3DjnYw|m8AG551k8d45oy-kIbXjfw|4|If you have time to devote to dinner then come here....It is SO good Especially the rolled eggplant!!! BUT they make you wait for it....and you can bring in your own Alcohol...so you are pretty drunk by the time it comes out. On average...you get there at 8 (make a reservation) you are not eating until AT LEAST 10ish.......But like I said it is really delicious and a fun night out....if you are not in a rush!|0|0|0
P2r5tl57DWK5AcZ_GiSvWg|s3zoMg9FH7JjeYlWB3qtrQ|5|Consistently excellent and the whole wheat crust is amazing!|0|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|b6skcBt1fDCTnrhVH9PtZA|3|Delicious chicken nachos.  I mean really good! Great margaritas of course as well!  However, surprisingly mediocre chicken quesadilla... drinks and apps only it is next time!Really big booths make it a good place for groups of 6 or 8.|0|0|0
YEUgaDmoKvYQynNgVGenbw|ScVMg5vhaXgkkJCcNhemoA|2|I love sushi, and I'm not picky.  Tear that poor bastard fish out of his natural habitat, fillet that sucker and toss it on my plate, and I will be one happy omnivore.  This is probably why I don't care for Shark- it's not so much about the food as it is about the decor and the atmosphere- and you can't eat fancy lights, stairs to nowhere, and giant saltwater aquariums.Waitstaff seemed plentiful but service was slow.  The rolls offered on the menu were not terribly innovative- you can get endless combinations of eel, avocado, and crab anywhere, but it's the fucked up rolls with unexpected ingredients named after places in Rhode Island that make my dollars holler.My friend and I (after reading the terrible reviews here, I wasn't about to bring a date) split a large sushi platter, priced at $50.  Yes, very pretty, but that doesn't look like $50 worth of sushi to me.  The total for our platter, two beers, two soups and gratuity came to a little over $100 and left us wondering- why didn't we just go to Tokyo, Haruki, or Uncle Sushi?|2|3|0
it9mZRfzo9DsFmddSESLbw|r4Eec-nFleZDzJ3QZpwoIw|2|I want to like this place. Its a few blocks from my house and it's BYOB!But I just don't.Dining in- Small, which is fine, but dirty, which is not. Personally I'm not a fan of seeing food specks all over the wall and grime in every crevice. They could do with closing the place for a day and power washing the whole dining room. I can't imagine what the kitchen looks like.The food is decent, not great. But the portions are small and about 1-2 dollars more then they should be for the quality and size.Take out- Was craving thai the other night and decided to give this place another try. The portions were even smaller then dine in! Again, the foods ok. Nothing great. But way too expensive for the portion sizes.Sidenote- What is it with thai places in Providence 1. not including rice with curry dishes and 2. not putting any veggies in the tofu option. Was I spoiled in NY? Is this the only place where ordering tofu as your protein means ditching the veggies?|0|0|0
04ZBAOo6ffXkhSICqngaIQ|6oa-O8pPzYAdBmWmgcTwew|4|Great atmosphere, fresh teas, free wifi.  This place is a sweet place to sit, enjoy a fresh brew, and write a paper.  There is seating against the window but I'm not too partial to watching people walk by as I slave away at my computer.|0|0|0
KCVy3xDOhMZBCbbLRsXvVw|3fomUsXlB9yJLfi_sDhDQg|5|The Flirting with Style Martini is my new fave drink, ever!  So deeelish...I almost felt guilty having 2.  OK, I didn't really feel that guilty, but I should have.  I had the pan seared scallops for dinner and the fondue for 2 as an app.  Both were expertly prepared in a timely fashion.  I loved the scallops so much that I actually cleaned my plate....something I rarely do.  The service was remarkable.  We showed up an hour early, to have drinks, and they were able to seat us right away with no hassle at all.  It was truly great and I would highly recommend this place.  The setting and decor are so cute and comfortable, I can't wait to go back.  Special occasion, anyone?|3|0|0
GCgu0btCydmDs2XuU0dAmg|bRa5YawpNlrClzbwGy1hCw|5|Still my go to coffee spot. Still love chatting with the owner George. Still am a faithful vassal to the King.|1|0|1
SFeabOilq0-oEhI_BNj62A|jTHt8wMj0SNnuHV79N9fQA|3|i got the greek pizza cone. It was good and fun to eat and the price was okay considering it was much more filling then a piece of pizza. I was happy with the filling on mine but there were some veggies that were in excess and i would have liked a bit more cheese. The last bite was good though and thats pretty key. I got a piece of baklava because we had a groupon and needed to use it up. This was not good it tasted kinda stale but it was a corner so maybe thats why. Also I was kind of annoyed because they had a ton of baklava and it was late afternoon on a rainy day and he still gave me the smallest worst looking corner piece. Overal it was okay I would eat there again if someone else really wanted to go otherwise I would just go across the street to the much tastier pizza place.|0|0|0
Wd9p_AlZTnN6pBHmT9YemQ|Q_t9JZVAw87oc7CgvFSaIg|4|We went to Jacky's late on a Saturday night.  It was packed.  There was a group of middle aged women at the table near us that were pretty drunk and celebrating a birthday.  The table on our other side was so drunk that I saw one woman nearly fall out of her chair.  Overall, it was incredibly loud.  I don't know if that's just because it was late on Saturday.The service was pretty good. Our waiter was very hard to understand and I just had to guess as much as I could.  He was pretty good about refilling drinks and bringing out the food quickly (once we got the first appetizer).The first thing we had was the giant scorpion bowl.  It had dark rum, light rum, brandy, and fruit juices.  Beware!  It's a lot stronger than it tastes.  I drank about half of it and I was already feeling a bit wobbly, although I'm a small person.  As an appetizer I ordered the beef teriyaki skewers, which were very good.  They were eaten up pretty fast and I still wanted more.  I also had the shrimp tempura roll which was incredibly delicious.  Everything was perfect with the roll. As my entree, I had the traditional young chow fried rice.  It was uninspired and was just too much for anyone to eat.  I could have handled it if the serving was smaller, but I barely put a dent in the meal.  I then ordered the banana split martini, which was good but didn't taste of banana enough.  I'd give the food an overall five, because I was probably being a bit too boring with the fried rice in the first place.I would definitely go back to try the rest of the menu.|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|oiwLmCK9lVFOEey8fZvDtg|5|my name is kyle and i have a nice slice addiction. i am a mess. i toss and turn and cant focus on the "pizza" in my home town. i regularly drive an hour and a half just for this pizza and the wonderful city of providence.the vegan pies are raging and from what i hear the non vegan pies are great too. the room is great, nice outdoor seating and an awesome staff. 10 thumbs up.the only problem is than i usually have to bring pizza home with me for friends back home which means lugging as many as 10 pies back to my car and  then play delivery boy all night.|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|jamBToZqN8uNKPYkRX7yDw|3|It's totally a-ok.Nice Slice is my fall back when I need something quick to eat, I'm too lazy to go out and get it, and I have nothing in the house to eat. Then I'll order delivery from Nice Slice and I'm never disappointed. That being said, I love pizza and this really isn't my favorite.There are two things I like about Nice Slice, aside from the fact that it's a fast delivery. It's a good slice of pizza, and it reheats really nicely. It's super important to have pizza that will reheat well and still taste good the next day. Nice Slice absolutely tastes good when it's reheating. I might actually like it more reheated than I do fresh. Hm.You can also get a good amount of options on your pizza, and you can get a vegan or gluten-free pizza. I'm neither a vegan or a gluten-intolerant, but it's nice to know in the event you're having house guests or just feel like trying something new for a change. But since I fear change, I'll stick with either pepperoni, green peppers and onions, or spinach, red peppers and feta.Although I do like pineapple on my pizza...I think everyone should try Nice Slice. I do like it, it's just not the greatest pizza I've ever had.|0|0|0
9-Jv7k4ajh2QnTVSXxH-lQ|Luj3s_MdUI-Og-j2-eQB-Q|2|Had reservations across the street at Big Fish for 8pm, but got there at 7, so we decided to start at Jake's with a drink.  It was a cold, windy weeknight, so the place was dead, but I'd guess the atmosphere would be pretty relaxed no matter what the night.We enjoyed our drinks, but made a serious mistake ordering the onion soup to tide us over until dinner.  It was very, very bad.  The kind of bad that makes you blurt out "great!" when they ask you how it is, because you can't think of anything else to say.I feel a little mean giving out two stars on so little data, so maybe I'll be back.  Until then, consider it a one star for the onion soup, and 3-4 for the rests.|1|1|1
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|ZBx4G7WYHtAMJF7BP4FdPQ|3|I like the layout of the renovated space. Feels less crowded than before.  Modern touches are great too. No longer a cozy place. Went for drinks with 5 others after a show at PPAC on a Wednesday night. There was one other party of similar size - otherwise empty. Our waitress was s-l-o-w, given how few others were there. White sangria was just ok. Not bad, but not overly flavorful. But the coffee from earlier in the day smelled amazing.  Overall, not rushing to go back. But wouldn't avoid like the plague.|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|_Q_Ddc1EY86inf4dkTSK7g|5|The gluten free pizza is pretty delicious. It's made right when you order it so it's fresh. It's a personal size pizza. You can see them making the pizza and I was very pleased to see how careful the "chef" was when handling my pizza. Cleaned off the counter, washed his hands, grabbed a clean unused pan and started making me pizza. He was very careful to make sure there was no cross contamination. This was the first pizza that I have eaten that did not crumble into pieces when you pick up a slice. The men working there are very nice and easy on the eyes as well lol!|1|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|Zu0XNq8YnVBNFfRXuv727A|2|OK.  My low rating reflects that fact that this simply isn't my cup of tea..  Hadn't really given much thought to issues of health and the like until reading some of the other review post mortem, but by golly, the food counters WERE quite a mess, and it really is a pretty strange concept that they would cook everything on the same grill at the same temperature at the same time.  The funny part was that I came here with an esteemed colleague who was clearly not taken with the ambiance of the place.  (That's an oxy-moron!)  The server was ber-friendlly, and quite insistent that we try the drink of the day, which I think was a lemon-blueberry margarita.  He insisted that if we didn't love it, he would pour them out and bring us what we want at no additional charge.  Tasted like a bad Kool-Aid flavor with too much sugar - down the drain! I also found the menu to be something between overwhelming and just plain confusing.  After thumbing through it several times, I still had no idea what kind of food they served here, or how much it might cost.  Having been there, I'm still not sure.I can see how the place might appeal to some, but if I don't ever have to go back, that would be A-OK by me!|0|0|0
rblZR9xtCUgwjE19AU2y8w|uQ-BQMHP9oQSvyirQcYYcg|5|great gluten free indian food. The owner is very knowledgeable about gluten free food and I felt very comfortable with his service. So convenient before a movie or in the midst of shopping.|1|0|0
EcUL0Ixq_5L9HCdyk2GIOQ|OfdX0DGrAET9jqn_7gkXww|3|Good for a late night bite and a lemonade to quench my thirst, but I wouldn't walk down here until I've looked for something better first.|2|0|1
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|365DjGEYWHCMqmB86qoGFA|2|Ok, the bottom line is, the margaritas make it worth it. Overall, this place has some major flaws. No free chips (seriously?) and I don't think I have ever seen one of their waitresses smile. However, the food is pretty good and  this place REALLY knows how to make a good margarita. The drinks are so strong you may forget that you had to wait forever for a table on a weekend night and that the service was terrible.  Be careful, you may want to stick to just one, two is my magic number.  They take reservations so for special events, birthdays etc. call ahead!I recommend sitting at the bar and getting either some pre-dinner drinks and heading somewhere else for food or stopping by after dinner for a night cap. They really are the best margaritas I have been able to find in Providence.|0|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|V-nPYJdHpbthyPT0gJFTrA|4|We've had a great time here celebrating birthdays... if you want a deliiiiicious drink, get the "Ginger Gentleman" -- it's out of this world.|0|0|0
wfS1G5lrjx_SGWBuG2690g|kxXd2El7B4GTf97OILggWw|4|I don't understand why this place was not more crowded considering I went during restaurant week. So I took my mom here, cause she loves French everything. Which this place totally delivers, from the pate of the first course to the crepes of the last course. The portions are almost too big here, which almost sucks cause everything was wicked good. I had to get some of my food wrapped up, which came back to me in a foil swan. Totally awesome. This place has tons of charm and class. I'm sure it would be good for a romantic evening out as well.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|3XuxSvex3zN7IznwCmH5EA|4|I wish there were more places like East Side Pocket around New England. In college I ate here atleast once a week. Their falafel is always perfectly made with rich flavor and great sauces (get everything on it!). My mouth is water just thinking about one. The staff is always friendly and although it's small, it's a great place to grab lunch or dinner.|1|0|0
GLdIHOP5VUCdgAiuQnKmPA|6nG_PDFmof4iwDHglfDmZw|4|Been asking for good wings in providence for a while..didnt ever think i go eat at this place...but i ordered like 50 wings! to go and guess what??they wer bomb!!! bomb=good|0|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|x4jA9tTnM9CgVL8qvdhXuw|4|If you can find it, you will be pretty happy you did.  Tasty crepes and Belgian waffles.  Great little hole in the wall in an ally that puts out some tasty food.  Not a lot of seating.  The only employee was polite to my kids when they were ordering and he whipped up some tasty grub.|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|2SCtabMTxctlLgbar3-diA|5|Amazing Indian food. Thayer St. is a mecca for students from RISD and Brown, so there is always a young, hip scene over there. Their buffet is great, and you get SO much for the price! Their Lamb Mango Curry dish is the best and will feed you for 3 nights!|0|0|0
A6dVeZf0ZKgOqKxB7y0F0w|EQ9vqHpiEOACWGTOqsQxZw|2|Best Burger Company. Eh...I don't know about the "best" part, it's more "decent" in my opinion. I tried this place about a week ago with my manager from work. We both tried the Farmer Burger, which was made with Organic beef. The burger itself was ok, nothing too special but to be quite frank, I couldn't even tell the difference between their so-called "organic" beef and regular beef. I've had lots of burgers throughout my life and I can honestly say that I've had better. The bun was good though.The fries I didn't care for. Mine were soggy and had hardly any taste to them. If you're gonna serve the "best" burgers in town I suggest making better fries to go with it. I also didn't care for the staff attitude. The guy who gave us our food looked all but thrilled. The prices are a bit up there too. Maybe I'll try this place again, but maybe not. So far I don't think so.|0|0|0
P2r5tl57DWK5AcZ_GiSvWg|yKZddD7VkELpw1RXpQ4MRw|4|Great local home made pizza. Beats the chains for sure.|0|0|0
YEUgaDmoKvYQynNgVGenbw|5ulrtjMHCuBcj-iVxENG4g|4|Had a really great time!  Was headed to another bar and saw a few friends inside, stopped in to say hello and ended up staying the entire time.  Our waitress hear us mention it was my friends birthday and brought us over some complimentary shots.  The owner also stopped by to check on us and sent over a FREE hookah!  Now, as mentioned in previous yelps I am very particular about my hummus, tried theirs and it rivals the best!  Sushi was fresh and delicious.  Oh and go for the fish bowl drinks (HUGE!).  I'll definitely be back.|0|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|96HrYf0p_4chq2Vx4t5esA|2|Man, am I striking out here. Second visit: The Chimichunga was too dense, too big and not very flavorful. I figure if you can't do one of these right...This place is probably fine for nachos and a drink for the college crowd but I can get better Tex-Mex most other places. They charge for chips & salsa? Ouch...particularly as they asked us if we wanted a "refill".|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|iJMDvVg6Mgl43is4XxIKsA|4|I'm not the biggest falafel fan, however I LOVE this place.  They have the best falafel wraps I've ever had.  And they make them exactly how you like it, with or without as many toppings as you'd like (and there are lots of options).|4|0|1
Mxn822gLYwJp128pbwu3hg|7x8B5lgzSZxmqMiQJzhx1A|4|I love all of the surprises that accompany Gracie's highly praised food: the sorbet to cleanse the palate; an amazing array of in-house breads; the cookies your valet driver leaves in your car. My friend and I did the three-course prix fixe. The beet salad was lacking a little bit in flavor, but the produce was very fresh. My gnocchi was hands-down the best I've ever had: perfectly cooked and pillowy. But the best part of the meal was my honey ricotta cheesecake: just the way it should be! I hate Americanized cheesecake so much, and this was light and a nice portion -- not like the jokers at Cheesecake Factory.  What was lacking was the service from our waiter. He was curt and sarcastic. Thankfully, he had a much friendlier "helper" who was actually more of a waiter than he was. We saw him more, and that suited us fine, because he was 10x nicer. I sincerely hope Gracie's allots the majority of our tip to him or at least half. Our "real" waiter didn't even get my girlfriend's dessert order right. If Yelp did half stars, I'd bring this down to 3.5 just because I imagined immaculate service.|0|0|1
eM8d9dpDiVvMrJrWwIRAVw|m2Cwh5ycLIk27bEiZlVJhw|4|Never worry about running out of beer choices at this place. The atmosphere is unique, the food is alright, simple menu.|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|MIkLiyS0inki9Y7h8x3RwQ|4|Coffee selection is SUPERB!!! Best anywhere. We drive all the way into providence at least every other week just for coffee.|0|0|0
otrAgBvYPhpIpTezkxlebQ|2hfvQKS4_MGpLgj2v6dZeA|5|I love this coffee shop.  Nice staff, great coffee abd can buy fresh beans in all different varieties!!!|1|0|1
w9oW1PJoAjZfv85hxZbnEg|Ci_epEhqrfiW5pbuorj7VQ|1|Stopped here on the way home from the beach...prices on the menu posted on the door looked decent and always looking to try new places, so gave it a go. Bad decision! First, service is s...l...o...w. Wait staff was OK but not really friendly.To begin, we had problems with them not having beer on tap, but they opened 2 weeks ago so we excused it. We ordered a beer and a bloody mary. The bloody mary was good, but should have been since in the end they were charging for a bloody mary with gray goose. Thanks for the choice Chowder House!Next we ordered their appetizer special of Steamers. They were pretty good, but should have been for a small bowl for $20.For a main dish I ordered the pasta with clam sauce which was OK ($15, good price!) but greatly over seasoned. My boyfriend ordered the pan seared scallops ($20) which came with a 'choice of potato' and vegetable but they didn't have anything other than fries...not even rice. In my opinion, the scallops and fries were over priced...especially since they weren't even that good as they were drowning in grease.In the end we both had another drink since at this point we were sad about our dinner. The bill (including tip) was $120 - for a horrible meal. We will never return. I also gather from the other reviews that everyone is having this same experience, since there were 3 other guests in the restaurant while we were there, and the restaurant next door was hopping. Do yourself a favor and skip this place. Get your seafood anywhere but here!|3|0|1
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|6uf5YKFBI9ySg476IHKdNg|1|Service just ok, hostess was rude, food was awful and we waited 45 minutes for it to arrive. We ate there twice to give it a shot and both times were awful dining experiences.|0|0|0
RIzlH7t_wVhiTFklmYC1RA|-BgA1XTbaPXwf-u2wVldRg|3|I've been reluctant to post a lukewarm review of a place that has a great local reputation and deserves a lot of cred for its establishing role in the local restaurant scene (especially when it comes to local ingredients).  Yet after maybe 8 visits to New Rivers over a three-year period, I have to say I always leave a little disappointed. The main reason I keep returning is that they are open Mondays (unlike many Providence restaurants in this quality/price range), and sometimes you just need to take guests somewhere nice on a Monday night. The good: great service, for the most part (the only weak spots have been timing-related).  Meat-eating companions rave about the charcuterie. Those who order the higher-end entrees have generally been pretty happy with them. I've had some stellar glasses of wine here.The not-so-good: the vegetarian and/or lower-end entrees lack creativity and verve -- they just don't seem very well thought-out, and most would be easy for a competent home chef to throw together (and improve upon). They consistently sound better on the menu than they taste.  There's also some slippage on details that is really not acceptable for a restaurant at this price point.  On my last visit I had some attractively-plated agnolotti, but they were cold inside.  The cheese plate was supposed to include a fig cake (according to the menu) but only came with toasts and some grapes, a far cry from the gorgeous accompaniments offered at other restaurants around town. The desserts are not only overpriced for the quality (up to $14!), but they are priced differently on the dinner menu and the dessert menu (the higher of the two prices appears on the check, of course).  Don't get me wrong, this is still basically a good restaurant.  I just don't feel that it lives up to its established reputation or its prices. I have to agree with the reviewer who summed it up as "average for a high-class place" -- and Providence offers quite a few restaurants that leave "average" in the dust.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|PM1BpyF5mwFwJ_X3_sE05g|5|This is the place that started my love for all things pita. East Side Pockets is really the ONLY thing I miss about living in Providence. I noticed that the store did some sort of remodeling? After reading reviews, I see that their quality is still great and their fanclub is hearty.Funny story, flashback to 1999: one of the workers got into a fight with some drunk college bloke who was pretending to pee on the floor. The worker jumped over the counter, grabbed a 3 foot long sword (yes, a real sword) from the wall over my head and threatened to kill the frat boy. The boy ran out, sword was replaced on the wall, and the cook returned to his cooking station. Of course, I kept on eating my falafel pita like nothing was wrong. That's how good the food is....I will flirt with death to finish my meal.Please tell me that the swords are still hanging on the wall.|2|4|5
nWu8OljDYmLfbLQqcfW9Sw|w8dmJsDCPwgi7XnZgH8y1A|5|This place was fantastic.  Another trip with a friend for a belly dance event in April, I used to live 20 minutes outside of Providence, but never found this place.  We were just up the road and I am never one to turn down Asian food, so we gave it a try. I had the seafood Udon, which was amazing, and the broth was worthy of putting in a glass to drink.  Best Udon I have ever had.  I also tried the Honey Yuzu tea and it was out of this world, with bits of Yuzu peel in it.  The staff was friendly and attentive and a couple of the men were worth  watching as we ate. ;)  We'll be back for the same event next year and there is NO way I won't be going back here at least once.  HIGHLY recommended.|0|0|0
JUC2w_byPiyEbXrufEik-w|PqEMzxn_7OHpqpwr0bXYkA|2|I don't know what happened, but Phonatic is no longer the restaurant I once knew. Other reviewers' complaints about poor cuts of fatty meat are justified--not only was my last bowl of pho filled to the brim with sub-par meat and greasy broth, it was brought to me without the usual jalapeno pepper, lime, bean sprouts, and basil. When I asked for sprouts (thinking that they had perhaps just forgotten the customary accompaniments), I was brought just that. Sprouts and nothing else. The other dishes seem a bit off, too. Hit hard by the economy? Perhaps. I hope to someday get my old Phonatic back, but I will probably stick with Pho Horn's until I do.|4|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|6qMTP8GqbmIVNZdMD0m2dw|3|I have been going to La Creperie for over 5 years and I have recommended it to many people. I used to be their number one fan, however, over time the quality of the food has deteriorated. The majority of the employees are generally grumpy and antisocial. The music is usually pretty obnoxious and loud, although once in a while it is bearable.I typically order the sweet crepes, which are delicious, but the past few times I have gone there, they have been overcooked. I also suggest paying with cash when possible.|0|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|k9J79ZNz0JZhG7Z3cGNblg|2|Beer selection-- ehFood--ehambiance--ehservice--ehJohn Elkay's restaurants usually suck for a year or so anyway, so I am sure they will figure it out by the end of the summer.|0|1|0
HPDZZjKAi4vmtLEvYmk2Hw|jSQtLSAjNPRS6V7wfBkwsg|4|Why does this place get such terrible reviews? Maybe I just haven't been in enough times/tried enough things/used the bathroom yet, but it seems great to me. I'm currently vegan, so it's nice to find a place that doesn't smother everything in cheese, cream, bacon, etc. On the other hand, Zog offers a wide range -- you could get a salad (huge) and smoothie (delicious, made on the spot from real fruit) while your dining partner gets a cheesy, meaty omelette (served with fruit and a bagel.) Health/nutrition seems to be a focus here, which is great... With the exception of soups and bread/pastries, food is generally fresh, prepared on-site, and full of fruits and veggies. Only con is the price -- but that's just me being whiny, as it's pretty standard. Great breakfast/brunch/lunch/snack joint!|2|0|1
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|LhXNBfgSCWZqBEaGY7j_9w|5|As an upside, this place serves great food, which is why it is almost always packed, which is the downside.  Should you be in before the breakfast lunch, or after the lunch rush (after 1 pm) the service is friendly and the food is tasty.  Should you be lucky enough to find it for a weekend brunch, you can expect excellent, healthful fare cooked fantastically and creatively. If what you're after is Olga's baked goods you may also procure them at the farmers market in the hope artists' village where the lines can be but are not always shorter. Coffee or tea here is also an excellent choice, and drinking it in the garden outside in the summer or on a warm fall morning is lovely.|0|0|0
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|Sx-8lxY1PR4ZynE6p-rsng|3|Went for restaurant week and was unimpressed. Ordered a three course meal for about $30 which I thought was a good deal off the bat. For starters, my drink was about 85% ice with no offer to refill it from the waiter, whatever. Guess I should have gone with alcohol. First up was the risotto, they sent it out severely undercooked. I'm talking the arboreo was crunchy. Four people at my table ordered it, it all came out this way. I will say that they were very apologetic, the manager came over and brought us some shrimp. Which is a nice gesture, but I hate seafood. Anyways, they brought it back out and it was good, although not anything to write home about. I'd use that description for the second course as well, which was the filet mignon. Now I know a filet is supposed to be tender on the inside, and I did order it medium rare, but when I've had it in the past the middle has still been full of flavor - it seemed simply bland in the center. They did serve it with a delicious glaze, but it was used very sparingly. I can't complain too much here because it was good value, but it didn't come with a side or anything. Had I come here normally a 10 oz filet mignon (they served 8 oz for restaurant week) would have run me more than the entire 3 courses. So it was good value, but I think I would have been pissed if I had spent $36 on it alone.Finished off with a warm chocolate cake which was quite good, although again a bit skimpy, just the tiniest dollop of vanilla ice cream. I honestly would have preferred a massive scoop of store-brand vanilla, there's really no reason to be so stingy with it.Overall I hate to complain about a restaurant I visited during restaurant week, because I paid less than normal. But I won't be going back to pay full price.|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|S8cJbdfMOxDkita7piHKjA|5|I can't even pronounce the friggin name of this place. I knew I wanted to go and I told my roommate, "'Abysmal' or 'Abyss' or something dude, I don't know but it's Ethiopian and we have to try it."Try it we did. Him and his girlfriend split some kind of chicken thingy and I don't know what it was but they enjoyed it, although it was a little spicy for them. I got the vegetarian combo platter and it was amazing. Everything is served on this airy sourdough bread. It's like splotches of different food pastes and vegetables that look like someone hurled it on there. It was really cool presentation. I cannot describe the flavor at all, it's completely unlike any other food I've ever had. It's intense and flavorful. All I know is I love it and I want to bring every single person I know here. We both agreed that while it doesn't look like much food, it's shockingly filling. It was amazing.It's a cute place too, cozy and you know...nice. It's small and comfortably designed. There only seemed to be one waiter working and the kid was working his ass off and doing a great job. Abyssinia has no flaws and I will be back, because it also happens to be reasonably priced.|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|BN1fakN3E_JUw12r-oWgeA|5|Home of the single greatest slice of pizza I have ever had. The daily special was the "Bada Bing": Olive Oil (no red sauce), parmesan, marinated spinach, garlic, feta, and pepperoni. Friggen incredible. Had to order a whole pie of the stuff (at a steep $25 I might add).Add some taps of tasty craft beer and I will never leave!|0|0|0
YEUgaDmoKvYQynNgVGenbw|vsoSsJkdoh8vq9HXuzdLdw|1|TERRIBLE!!!  Thayer st is an awesome place to go and people watch, as well as get some good eats and drinks.  Shark Bar is one of the biggest disappointments on Thayer st. It's a given that most places on Thayer are small, but the tables at shark bar are uncomfortable close.  This is not the first time at Shark Bar and I should learned from my first experience to never go back.  I was asked by the owner to move tables mid meal the first time I was there and have since learned this is a common practice there.  The waitress was rarely available and maybe came back to the table twice. We sat in  the hibachi area and again, so disappointing!! It was not entertaining and the chef did not really interact with us.  The most shocking thing came when one of my friends got his meal.  The chef asked if the scallops were spoiled after my friend ate a piece!!! My friend tried to take it in stride, but then the chef called the owner over and asked my friend to tell the owner that the scallops were not spoiled!!! Apparently another customer had complained that the scallops had gone bad.  Instead of taking scallops off the menu, they tested what could have been spoiled scallops on my friend.  We asked for our check, received it and proceeded to sit there for another 10-15 minutes before we asked another waitress to find ours.  At that point,  yet another waitress was asked and no one knew where she was.  She finally came running up to the table and took our payment.  Not so much as a thank you, or sorry for keeping you waiting.  There are soooo many good restaurants in Providence that served this type of food and do it well.  Go there instead and skip the Shark Bar.  Even the Shark tank was not enough of a distraction to convince us to go back.|0|0|0
LahgT0Dec0B6NSws7VHiJQ|Z_NBSxxsMiACYkVvg1KvDg|4|I don't know why there's all this veggie dog hate, Spikes does a pretty good veggie dog IMO. Vegetarian Texas Bandit (that's a ranger- cheese, jalapenos, bbq sauce  but w/o bacon)= Best veggie dog I've ever had. Of course that's cause there's so much crap on it you can't tell it's a tofu dog, but isn't that the point?and... BEST FRENCH FRIES EVER!The chocolate chip cookies are really good too.One point off just because I like the Branch ave location way better. But the food is pretty much the same, just get your dog to go at Thayer because the tables are covered in frat boy cooties.|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|C5Avkksj5Iom9saQyoEM8w|4|When I find myself on the East Side craving slices of pizza, as opposed to a whole pie, Fellini's is my destination.  After walking in the front door you are greeted with a large glass counter displaying a milieu of pizza available for purchase in single slices.  There are always several different combinations to choose from!My last purchase included a slice of white pizza topped with mozzarella, ricotta, feta, and garlic, a slice of pepperoni pizza, and an antipasto salad.  The pizza is NY Style and is generally hit or miss.  I loved the pepperoni but could have done without the white.  It was a bit soggy and burnt on the bottom.  The visit prior, I had not come across this problem and was thoroughly satisfied with my dinner.  Like I said. . . hit or miss.  Specialty slices go for $3.30.  Whole pies go for $20.95. . . a bit expensive and far too large for my taste.You can get as creative as you want with toppings including bacon, eggplant, artichoke hearts, carmelized onions, pesto, and all your favorites.  Hot and cold subs available, as well as various salads.  I highly recommend their parmesan peppercorn dressing, as it makes my taste buds kick into gear just thinking about it!Overall, mediocre but filling and satisfying pizza, quick and efficient service, along with great customer service.  I've heard their chocolate covered cannoli's are to die for!Open til midnight Sun - Wed and 2 am Thurs - Sat!!!|0|0|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|WRNL7eR172obLfx3Tn-DrQ|4|When I parked outside of The Red Fez, I thought I was walking into the secret beer drinking tournament (sorry I just watched BeerFest the other day). The Red Fez has no identification marks other than their menu next to the door. There is no sign and the windows are darkened. I will admit, I was slightly hesitant when I saw this and walked inside. When you walk in, you are met with a small dive-y type pub. However, the food really speaks for itself. I had the Fez burger which mixes beef and churico, some special sauce and a potato bun. Wow that was one delicious burger. My GF had the baked mac and cheese which also had churico in it. That was on par with Blaze's baked mac and cheese which before I had as the best in Providence. I also appreciate the beer selection which mixes microbrews and some forgotten beers like Schlitz. The waitstaff was very attentive and geniuinely nice (not the "hey I am looking for a tip" nice). The only nock I have on the Fez is the seating area, very limited. I know I went there on a friday night and they have a tough time with mixing the booth area and the bar area since it is so small. However, maybe they could have a few high top tables? Just a thought.I know most tourists won't find the place or go to it, so if you are a local and looking for great food, head on over to the Fez. I know I will be back there.|2|1|0
dQfvxeuNNqku7mozkk4Y3w|-tnodf38uCXjogMhZtcWxw|4|This diner is moved to it's spot next to City Hall each night and carted away each morning...just like the old days for many diners. It's food is greasy, a bit overpriced for what you get and absolutely the best food you'll ever have after a night on the town at 3 am. The real reason to go is to witness the menagerie of people straight out of a Tom Waits song that frequent the joint once night has esconded the city. You haven't been out in 'providence till you hit here when all reasonable people have been in bed for hours.While all good stories begin with " I was minding my own business when..." most good stories in Providence have the line midway through of "....then we went to Haven Brothers..."|1|2|0
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|mjkqYTie6toPuX5M-nx4Fw|4|Oh goodness. Geoff's is such a SOLID, hearty, heartwarming sandwich shop in the heart of RISD-ville. I had driven by this place so many times late at night on my way to Fat Belly's or the bars downtown, and always thought that it looked interesting. It's a quick and dirty sandwich haven where you can practically get any sandwich you could possibly dream up. While in NYC, I grew to be pretty particular about my sandwiches. The way things are piled on, the organization of the sandwich, the sauces, the quality of meats, and Geoff's really does do this thing right. The sandwiches are prepared so carefully. The ingredients are fresh and well-proportioned. The infinite combinations and possibilities for sandwich creation are unparalleled.This is totally my kind of sandwich shop.And don't forget your student ID--they totally do discounts.|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|tpEWW4usnsOAMlkh1akxcA|5|Last night I made my first visit to the snuggery which was long overdue. I arranged a special wine pairing dinner with Jessica, the owner, for my wine group. www.meetup.com/the-providence-winos-meetup-group We had a choice of crepe and mini cupcake each paired with a wine.  I had the Distinguished Lincoln which had smokey ham, nutty gruyere and it was drizzled with caramel mustard...all I can say is YUM! I also tried a bite of the Rachel and Monica which had spinach, goat cheese, and sundried tomatoes- also delicious. Mine was paired perfectly with a Veramonte Sauvignon Blanc. Dessert was a choice of mini cupcakes and a sweet or dry Cupcake reisling (how fitting) or Dutch chocolate Raspberry Chocovine....I choose the latter and it was amazing. I think Jessica and her husband accomplished was they set out to achieve...this is a great cozy place to go with friends or a warm place to snuggle up to someone special.  I am hoping to make many more return visits to this special place!|1|0|1
3Fl9FLuDyOiqXOU8iM2Aqw|JauUrzrWq6FE55BwC-b7Aw|2|I feel bad for breaking this cafe's perfect 5 star record, but I feel a need to voice my opinion! I give it props for lovely ambiance, personality and location. Even the tea I ordered (Moroccan Mint.. yum!) was delicious. Being new to the area, I was excited to live near a place that sounded like it would be a lovely place to meet friends to have tea and good conversation. However, I get there and it turns out I only have ONE choice for tea... kinda disappointing. The rest is coffee.  "One Kind of Tea and Coffee in Sahara" might be a more appropriate name. Okay fine, I just order the tea, iced with no sugar. Though it was refreshing and definitely high quality, I felt like I was paying $3.78 (w/ tax) for mostly ice. It might have been about 5 sips in that cup. If you are in the area and want a nice place to chat/relax, enjoy some good appetizers and use wi-fi this is your place. But if you are looking for a place with variety and value, you may have better luck going somewhere else.|0|0|0
RIzlH7t_wVhiTFklmYC1RA|9U30DANobkrn3Zlu6T9p6Q|3|Came in here last night and have to say that I love what Bruce and his staff are trying to do. They've created a simple, classic, inviting, somewhat cozy atmosphere perfect for a New England restaurant trying to create inspired dishes. The food overall was good, but I didn't have the experience that a lot of Yelpers did - probably not in a rush to get back there (there's a lot of great restaurants left to try in PVD) and can't say I would recommend it.The food:- Grilled dayboat squid w/ fresh oregano, chilies, lemon, virgin olive oil was good, but left me unsure if it was grilled or flash fried - The burger on the Portuguese sweet roll was creative and delicious, but once again I can't get past good.- The scallops dish on the menu was great, but the potatoes seemed out of place- The chocolate crepe was good, but the cookie plate was a bustReally wish Yelp would allow half stars, b/c 3 stars seems brutal, but I can't make the leap to 4.|1|0|0
DDyFfkS0987e1aQEAEZEhA|wM3CIcnrbz4g10Dd-1Jzlw|4|I came in a few Fridays ago to check it out.  I was there on the early side so it was pretty empty which was just fine with me.It's very nice inside.  Pretty much same layout as when it was steam alley but much nicer with cool decor.Staff was friendly and attentive.  I ordered some veggie spring roll thing.  It was kind of pricey for what you get but absolutely delicious.  I could have eaten five of them. They also have free pool which is always a huge plus in my book!I'll def be back soon.|0|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|BoRDC7m0JP1pm1OapkDG7A|2|If I could use one word to describe this place it would be confused.I absolutely love mongolian bbq, and fire and ice is an attempt to bring mongolian bbq to the masses.  although, they've added a lot more elements to it.  i've never heard of pasta or burgers at a mongolian bbq place, but you'll find them at fire and ice.the veggies seemed okay and the selection of meat was interesting, but there were fruit flies and stuff flying around.  not cool.  also, the sauces are bland and could use a bit more punch.the chefs are great and if you know what you're doing, you could have a great meal, but if you don't know how to put a meal together, you could be in trouble.i had stir fry which was only okay, the philly cheesesteak sandwich was SO good (just remember to season heavily with salt and pepper before handing your meat to the chefs), and the burger was pretty good too (i seasoned the patty with salt and pepper and gave them bbq sauce to add to it).  for the price, i don't think it's worth it.  if i want mongolian bbq, i want the legit stuff, and if i want a burger, i'll go to a burger place.  no need to make it too complicated.|1|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|mjkqYTie6toPuX5M-nx4Fw|4|I've refrained from reviewing Harry's for a long time because I wanted to really evaluate the place on its own merit and not on the fact that I'm not really a "beer and burger" kina gal. But frankly, I've totally digged the vibe ever since stepping foot into this cute little eclectic abode. And yes, I'm totally a regular there now.From the cow sculpture outside (which is missing some parts?) to the full bar being up front, marking the entrance way to Harry's, I've loved this place from the start.A few things I would recommend if you're a little like me:1) Chicken BLC sliders.2) Kryptonite and special sauce.3) Guinness and bailey's brownie bites (seriously SO freaking good).I totally dig the sauces. And yes, I am a saucy kinda gal.|1|1|1
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|X2Vztu1xlYOEB3Igo9MMZg|2|Hemeway's was completely underwhelming. Extremely expensive and not worth the price. The food was not terrible but it wasn't good either. They seem to have a bad habit of taking good fish and absolutely drowning it in sauces, butter, and such. I usually love food that others find too rich but this was not so much "rich" as it was overwrought. Everything had too much layered on it. While some find that decadent its overall impression was not very flavorful and the seafood itself was smothered. Its setting and location are so gorgeous I think a lot of people are distracted by the ambiance and pay less attention to the food. It is no 4 or 5 star establishment.|2|0|0
z-SwOI7QhTSMSsJ0OWEu9g|2dyfZNhtyuHdestczTgWjQ|3|Natural lightingAll the baked goods are homemadeLimited seatingYou won't be let down if you roll in here for a lite mid-week breakfast, especially in the colder months when there aren't throngs of people looking for the perfect brunch setting. The breakfast options, while very limited, will still provide a satisfying morning pick-me-up if you're not looking for a plate of grease. Along with the assorted pastries, including croissants and and small cakes, they have two types of bagels (seeded and plain,) fresh yogurt and fruit with homemade granola and a variety of toasts.The business in the morning is a brisk mix of students getting in some last minute work and adults enjoying the newspaper and natural sunlight coming through the windows. The whole shop looks like a leafy villa stuffed inside an old brick warehouse. There's a patio for seating and people watching outside. It's best for groups under 4, with the small tile cafe tables.The selection of foods for both breakfast, lunch, and weekend brunch is limited in scope. Despite, the scant selection is offset by the quality. All the baked goods are made on premises, and they brew New Harvest coffee (which seems almost ubiquitous in good Providence coffee shops.)Honestly, the biggest complaint here is the service. Questions, while answered, aren't met with any additional information above and beyond 'yes' or 'no.' I'm conversational, man, I need more than that.It's just a pet peeve of mine, but it also really irks me when you order a bagel with cream cheese and they don't spread the cream cheese on the bagel. A minor gripe, but it's mine all the same.|3|1|2
fUBqSWOI5EkyXboVvov4hA|7B-xM_3t9NKebmkEodw3CQ|4|Scale 1 = poor, 5 = outstandingCUSTOMER SERVICE:  3.  No reservations for under 6 folks, but host was nice and they'll fetch you in the bar.  Waitress was super young and had minimal knowledge of food and wine - she could bring you samples, that's about it.FOOD:  4.  I thought it was a 3, my wife thought it was a 5.  Definitely tasty. I had the corn fritters app w/ spicy mayo - not sure what i was expecting, but they were just OK. My wife had the roasted beet salad and said it was "lovely".  For an app i had the bread gnocchi with spicy sausage red sauce which was tasty but not "good lord i have to have this again".  My wife had the pappardelle with a tomato, basil, and corn chowder and is "still craving it".AMBIANCE: 4.  It's in sort of an industrial wasteland portion of Providence - near but not on the water.  But they have their own parking lot (free).  Inside the place is definitely cute - outdoor patio was great, and inside is nice too.   VALUE: 3.  About what you'd expect -- pricey, but great food.  This is probably in reality a 3.5 which is why overall they get the 4 stars.|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|jKLeHqcwR2sPgjlSE1cmJQ|5|Locally sourced food. Reasonable prices. Menu changes with the season. But I hope they always have their pierogies on there. They are the best appetizer on the menu! Good options for vegans and vegetarians (and not just pasta).Decor is cool but you don't feel like you need to be overdressed. Sometimes there are rock concerts downstairs - which you would never know are happening because you can't hear it while you're upstairs.|1|0|0
I8dgF5_UENHKJwb0k8J49Q|vpggRco6kp195nTP3FIDwQ|5|Went there at 11pm with party of 4.  Awesome select of toppings and well seasoned meats.   Fresh vegetables, great salsas and very very friendly staff.|1|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|IhmBr-yHC8xLjdnoq7O37w|5|This is another one of those places I hate to review because I don't want it to be "discovered" and get all crowded on me. It's on Wickenden though, so it's only a matter of time.This "snuggery" is so cute it might make you sick. It's got three rooms, the first two of the three are the cutest. They're all adorned with mirrors and cushions and pillows and all that. Oh and fireplaces, who doesn't like a good fireplace?So once you've gotten over how darn cute this place is, you take a look at the menu and you've got cupcakes, beer, wine, cheese and fruit platters, little appetizers and crepes. Now, when you think crepes, you think breakfast food. Not here... there's one called The Lincoln, or something and it's like a fancy ham sandwhich in a crepe. They all sound amazing.Also, they have bacon wrapped dates. 'nuff said.Super cool about this place though, if you're into tea, is that for $3 you get a whole pot of tea. Mine filled by cup three times. I got the pear pomegranate and it was soooooooo yummy. I also got a "Sangria" iced tea to go when I left, which is basically just a fruity tea of some sort and that wasn't too bad. As for the cupcakes...First off, if you're going to get a cupcake, get the red velvet. It's totally the superior of all of their wacky cupcakes. If I had to tell you one not to get, it's one of their buttermilk cupcakes, because they taste and feel like cornbread. Other than that, sample away! The cupcakes are on the seriously small side for $3, you could eat one in just one bite if you really wanted to. But, the red velvet is awesome, so I'll keep getting them. I just won't be sharing.|3|1|2
Wd9p_AlZTnN6pBHmT9YemQ|PobkU7gnB2lya6b47EmIyA|5|I went to Jacky's Waterplace with my husband, and some friends for lunch recently and i have to say the food and service was fantastic.  They have a little bit of everything in terms of asian food.  One can get sushi, thai, chinese, you name it.  I had an excellent Pad Thai with shrimp and the table shared these really food Crab Rangoons for an appetizer.  Next time i would want to return on the night of a waterfire for dinner, i am sure it would be a lot of fun to eat and watch the fires.  The only tip i would give everyone the head's up on is that it is either street or valet parking, so park in the Providence Place mall garage and then walk over.  Good exercise and nice walk on a sunny day.|0|0|1
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|ExJrg9VqvIRvnrcjwAUbpg|2|I don't get what they are trying to do with this place. I'm not really into the whole idea of loungy/bar scene meets make your own burger. It's awkward and you don't know what to do with yourself. The burger menu was decent. I do appreciate the options but end paying 15 for a burger- AWESOME! I would go back to have drinks and appetizers. The night that we went was trivia night and seemed to draw in a decent crowd. Bathrooms clean- NICE!|1|0|0
RIzlH7t_wVhiTFklmYC1RA|BeJeIEpaLR_amvSQVrk_dQ|4|Well, it's restaurant week and my first stop is New Rivers. I have never been here before but my room mate has always spoken highly of the place so I figured I'd try it. We came tonight, on a Monday and grabbed a seat at the bar. We were greeted by the friendly bartender and proceeded to order a bottle of Prosecco to split. Yum! For my prix fix, I started off with the tomato soup. It was good but a bit under seasoned. Sadly, I had to add a little salt. For my entree, I got the pork loin with peach and quinoa. The pork was cooked perfectly... medium like I asked and everything just tied in really well together. Good sized portion, as well. For dessert, I ordered the lemon cake which was perfect for after dinner. Not too big or heavy. The cake was light and it came with a delicious whipped cream and fresh raspberries and blueberries. Overall, the experience was definitely a positive one. The food was fresh, the service was on point.|0|0|0
AMcQOPu1hcSl7f6iguru3Q|YScOFHwBvcdOh4iAV-lWUA|3|It's really ok...I mean it.We went here for lunch as it was getting late and just wanted to grab a bite and sit outside. The beer came quick and the burgers were nice and juicy. It is big in space and is very convenient and was walkable from our hotel and the waterfire exhibition.It is just your average, casual dining place, no surprises here.|0|0|0
HPDZZjKAi4vmtLEvYmk2Hw|HphlsK7i64y4af-rwXeqHw|5|What's the matter with people?  3 stars?  Wake up.This place is such a clean, lovely, thoughtfully decorated little spot.  It has a gigantic selection and assortment with the fairest of fair prices I've seen - and believe me: I've been around.  The wall was covered with sandwich, salad, breakfast, and coffee options.  I don't think I've ever seen a small, independently-owned cafe have a bona fide restaurant-sized menu like this one does, and the food is actually Good.  The employees are wonderful and charming too, and I should note that I came in early in the morning too.  For these complaints of "nothing special" - fine, fucking sit in your towers.  Show me where YOU go, you pompous, stuck-up, vague, shady motherfuckers.  And as for these complaints of poor service, I raise you this:   I put my order in and the owner ran up and shoved a banana in my hand.  "How did you know I wanted one?" I exclaimed.  "I read your mind, brother," he replied.  It's true, I did want one.  I can't speak to other people's issues with poor service.  That could very well be the outcome a very specific circumstance that you had the misfortune of find yourself in, but it could happen anywhere, that is, it happens everywhere, so ask me if I give a damn.|0|0|0
RWD95WS_ViX5PE7idDICBQ|bQt6kIy_PycMJWqZJDTefg|3|What I love about this place is how food allergy friendly it is. The menu clearly lets you know what items are free of wheat, gluten, dairy, etc.  Plus they even have gluten free beer available! Sometimes I find the wait staff to be a little on the slow side and on busy nights the dining area to be a bit clausterphobic.  I find the food to occasionally be a hit or miss with me, but all in all its usually always decent Indian food.|0|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|fMFUNmmtkzBlYS0Gk_FVdw|2|I only come here for the cookies - most of the other food is dry and bland. It's pretty cool that it's BYOB and there's a liquor store on the first floor, though.|0|0|0
hh92MQDje3zsN1jXi6uRKQ|SNNqHITC-UJCC-ouNLfxpA|4|Rejoice, as the boy o' cheese has arrive at the mawl.  Ok, yeah, its just grilled cheese and probably costs a buck too much for everything, but the staff if nice and don't look like recent escapees from the ACI (see: Subway), the food appears fresh and tastes quite good.  Its the food court, but its a change of pace.|1|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|Hxqhwp9L1c0Q7QpX6n0hiw|5|Calling all girly girls: high tea, Norah Jones, cupcakes, chandeliers, and crepes. My boyfriend and I just finished up brunch at this very pretty nook. We had Chamomile Vanilla Bean tea, along with the high tea set up and a crepe. We agreed that the food was very good--the scones were some of the best we've ever had, the salad was addicting, and that peanut butter chocolate cupcake...MMM. The decor is something nice too. Remember the now-defunct magazine Domino? Think dainty feminine touches such as striped wallpaper, white chairs, pillows for the bay windows, tea cups. Cute cute cute. I would definitely come back again but I'm not sure if I would bring him with me. I think we were just lucky to find out that there would be a bathroom for him.|1|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|Dz9SC3EWncE6LHKG82feWA|5|My good friend, the lovely and elite Jay, brought me to the Duck + Bunny after rave reviews and I was anything but disappointed. This place is adorable! So quaint and cute. The tea was delicious (I ordered the caffeine-free pomegranate pear) and the cupcakes (mini red velvet) were to die for!!The prices were very reasonable. I cannot wait to recommend this place to friends. And to visit it much more often : )|1|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|lBd1xqDHrJ3VPsT03jqarA|4|Great food. Good prices. Place Guy Fieri visited, when he was in RI|0|0|0
9hjuKkPO0LryqAq1xSfpuA|pUrXypNPaj9WJn8rc6yGFQ|3|Food was great! small proportions and was able to sit right down. Also had codes for vegan dishes!|1|0|1
uaPEPXxiEf8rNFbzFyy3Cw|jwtTBTYuL8249q26lmJH6A|4|Pulled pork burrito was really good as were the margaritas. Guacamole and tomato salsa are both good. Chips were stale and the steak I tried was dry.|0|0|1
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|nWSxq7oUGbHdnKEyak0oow|5|I love Geoff's. So much. I want to make Geoff my boyfriend. There is a bucket of free pickles and you can take as many as you want. If you are getting your sandwich to go they will give you a little baggy so you can enjoy a road pickle. Optimal Geoff time is two-for-one Tuesday. Go with either a friend or a freakishly large appetite. They are pretty slow but the sandwiches are worth it. Especially the Juggs.|0|0|0
Lw7lLPi2Da-daCK2rxtPIw|6oa-O8pPzYAdBmWmgcTwew|4|Quality and price is the name of the game here.  Very, very small establishment but the sushi doesn't reflect the claustrophobia.  They offer a variety of cooked and raw sushi and maki as well as the ever popular "bubble tea".  Because of the size of the building, I recommend ordering your sushi to go and enjoy it while lounging out on Brown's common area.|0|0|0
L3uemg97EJZ1SfjEE60Qvw|seoDhKRxvNA6UmsOGFQt0Q|4|Well, now I can see what all of the hub bub about Poco Loco is about.  I can say that that was truly one damn fine taco.  I had the Napalm and boy was it a treat.  After having a few 'Gansetts at their Neighbor Day, I was in need of something to soak up some of the suds.  When I heard that Poco Loco was hanging out near E&O, we hurriedly found our way around the corner to the beacon of taco-ey goodness.    I immediately picked the spiciest sounding taco on the menu and ordered it.  The Napalm is cajun chicken, jalapenos, "nuclear sauce", sour cream, and cheese.  I ordered it sans sour cream due to the fact that I am not a fan.  The tacos are only 2$ each and had I been hungrier, I would have wanted to try about three other varieties, but I controlled myself.    I look forward to my next Poco Loco experience, as I was very impressed with the service and quality (not to mention the price) of the very popular food truck.|1|1|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|zBWePZiBcAJxvb3MKYqFRw|5|Well isn't this a quirky little place. My mother and I went in a half hour before closing the another day in hopes of a good meal. The place is interestingly decorated with random pieces of art. The staff was very friendly and just as quirky as the place they worked at. I ordered chicken noodle soup and french fries and my mother ordered blueberry pancakes for us to share as well as the spinach pie parmigaino. The french fries came out steaming hot  and extra crispy just the way I like it. The portion was huge for a small order. The chicken soup was clearly homemade and filled with tons of chicken and noodles. It was extremely tasty! The blueberry pancakes were flavorful and had a generous amount of blueberries. My mother said that her spinach pie parmigaino may in fact be one of the best things she ever ate. Another huge plus to this place is that it is very cheap. Cheap + great food = I am definitely coming back very soon!!!|0|0|0
VmWymzt1wSYtjpm6oDXFjA|4TCOItk-gIJROyNA5ftZ-Q|3|Caveat emptor: I only came here once, and the one visit sent me to the ER. Twice. No joke. I seriously had Thai green chilis coming out of my pores from the green curry w/ chicken dish that I ordered, so be careful when you ask for authentic hot as I did (oops). The food did taste pretty good, the service was ok.|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|1Lqs0h5gQ0vcbtCLT1wcxg|5|Forgot to mention their Margharita pizza is awesome as well|0|0|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|3XuxSvex3zN7IznwCmH5EA|2|On one hand, I enjoy the atmosphere, menu selection, and live music. Oh the other hand, the customer service sucks the big one. I have never experienced ruder wait staff and a ruder manager when ordering a simple lunch or coffee. The wait staff totally ignores you! Every time I've been there, there seems to be some major altercation between the management and my dining party (and we are night nightmare diners by any means! Au contraire, we love to eat and have a pretty high tolerance for idiocy). Issues have ranged from finding glass in the meal to slitting the bill in half. I wish it was a better situation here because it's a great location that I'd love to patronize. (right word?) The food isn't too bad ether. Maybe things have improved, I haven't been back in about a year. I doubt I'll try it again though.|1|1|0
hmz3GErbZNi4wBvj5lkWiw|PnqmcFQQawJn_dBTylrbJA|3|The food was good but the service was awful. Went for bruch and got omelette with sausage, mushrooms and goat cheese, along with home fries and toast. The omelette and home fries were great. I tried some of Chris' crab cakes and eggs which were pretty good too. Prices were reasonable.But it took us at least 10 minutes just to get our sodas, and the place wasn't crowded at all. Then it probably took another 30 after that to get our meals. Our waitress was pretty bad/unfriendly/slow and seemed like she hadn't slept in a few days. She didn't understand what "omelette style" meant when Chris said that was how he wanted his eggs done.|1|0|3
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|ExJrg9VqvIRvnrcjwAUbpg|4|Ten was a great dining experience. I loved the sushi nigri and maki rolls. The food was so fresh and zesty. The only problem Ten has is the high prices. I would definitely go there again but have someone else pay for my meal. ;)|0|1|0
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|517IPHphGT74dEk1w63M7A|4|Nice environment and good Chinese food;) My friends had the $39.95 set, it is worthy. Nice Dan Dan Noodle~|0|0|0
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|EblK20dUUogxra1VI23BGQ|3|Came for lunch. Had new england chowder and lobster chowders. Also had the lobster club and the lobster crab sandwich with ratatouille. New england chowder was tastier than lobster chowder. Sandwiches were fine. Service was great. Views were nice of the river. It's a charming place for lunch date but don't think I'd be game for dinner menu prices.|0|0|0
x05vLVOH2OQr-8ATmfItRg|h8Eagh24Ys6wljL3iQQhVg|4|I find it hard to say anything bad about M&S, they have consistently exceeded my expectations. I've sampled much of the lunch and dinner menu and haven't had a bad meal ever. I often sit at the bar and the staff are friendly, courteous and quick. Drinks are a bit pricey, but the food is more than reasonable for Downtown, especially being connected to a rather pricey Hotel! And as a "Stuffie" connoisseur, theirs are the best I've tried in RI so far! Cheers!|1|0|0
-93uBoiVyQ2ZPABERT621w|ALeNQJVN_de7L_EqU5w1sQ|4|"this place got the job done" says my traveling companion.  Clean looking and modern, a few outside tables, a good jukebox, friendly bartenders, decent prices, give it a whirl|0|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|xl7hG9qBp0UVYX6wfMwvdg|4|I ate here for the first time and REALLY loved the food. I've had Ethiopian food at other restaurants in different cities, and I have to say this might be one of my favorites so far. Everything was extremely flavorful. I ordered a meat combo and the portions were huge. I ordered the Doro Wot and the Ye'Beg Wot, which were both good, but the Ye'Beg Wot was better. The vegetable dishes were also delicious, but I wasn't sure what all of them were. The only complaint I would have is that the service was a little slow. Granted, when we got there at 1pm we were the only customers- and the place was full by the time we left. I might recommend the staff leaving a pitcher of water with the table to make things a little easier.|1|0|0
fdBaf_H31MY4nA4Yuw6MfQ|2H9mBsGY_KzxXJoahkHU6w|2|I love sweet crepes.  I hunt down creperies wherever I am and when I can't get to one I make crepes at home.  The thing that I found most disappointing about this place was the fact that they put fruit preserves in some of their sweet crepes.  Preserves???  That's just blasphemy!  What the hell happened to homemade fillings and toppings like compotes and syrups?  It ain't that hard guys!  And it would taste soooo much better.  I'd really love to see a little creativity and boldness infused in the sweet crepe menu.If it was an option I would have given this place 2 1/2 stars because it is a good place to get an inexpensive breakfast.  And maybe the savory crepes are better than the sweet ones.  But to bring down something as joyful as a crepe with preserves is just unforgivable in my book.|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|1hJJXtCULGN8NT2dQtYbMg|4|The reviews here are split between two locations. This review references the newer Olneyville location. Bigger, better, faster, stronger.Went here for dessert and cocktails last night. I had ben wanting to try it for some time. Our souffle was fantastic, light in texture but rich in flavors. The layout of the space is beautiful, truthfully one of the best in Providence. Pop art, Warhol-esque wall adornments of Che, Marilyn Monroe, JFK, Fidel. Rows of TV's looping Che, the documentary. Flat screens with the Sox game. Palm trees, polished cement floors, swirtled stainless bar and table tops. Immaculate open kitchen. I was impressed. My only concern, 9:30 on a Weds and there were a total of 6 people in this cavernous space. Scary, because I would hate to see this place close. That being said, It was a chilly mid-week night, and the town as a whole was pretty dead The tapas menu looks fantastic, ill surely be back to give this a shot. I was a little put off by $10.50 for a Knob Creek on the rocks, lets keep it at $9 bucks, this is Providence after all|3|0|2
-_FvwOM3_wku2zHiLjibgg|wpDhuGVjSz-kNO0wFOK8Cg|3|Oooh, Cafe Nuovo.  I keep wanting to LOVE you!  After an evening at the theater, my date and I sought out a seasonal treat.  We had heard of the wonderment of the Nuovo dessert selection and decided, "What the holly!" and headed in the general direction!*I had apparently forgotten that (though the building has two entrances) there is only ONE way into the building (cue the wintery gusts of wind blowing my skirt around).  It's odd because the entrance to the restaurant is actually closer to the OTHER door.*There was a law firm conducting their holiday party when we arrived for our own merriment.  It - looked - so - classy!  Surely this would be a great option for a catered affair.*Decor: low lighting and with CLASS!  If you show up here in jeans and a t-shirt you're going to feel uncomfortable (cocktail attire, please).*Arriving at 10pm on Saturday, we got the last two seats at the bar and settled in, ready for cocktails and dessert.  ......werrwerrrrrrr: I forgot: they DON'T HAVE A DRINK LIST!  Yup, full bar, no suggestions.  They have a teeeeeny after-dinner drink list on their dessert menu, but we weren't made aware of this until after we had already placed our order.  The beau ordered a 7&7 while I ordered an Orgasm (but had to give mixology instruction to the bartender sans suggested drink menu...).  They were priced around 8$ea, but were TASTY and lasted us our hour of bar time.*Dessert time!  We put our order for the seasonal Cranberry Crisp with Maple Ice Cream in asap (last time our food took forEVER!).  Lo and behold: 20 minutes later we were presented with our order.  Personally, I wouldn't have priced it at 10$ (there was more crisp than berry and the glace was more vanilla than maple), but it was a nice late-night treat for sure.*sigh*....after another attempt at the Cafe N, we walked away pleased but not astounded.  The setting and service were great, but I wasn't impressed with the plated dessert.  It was a nice evening (be it a pricy one), next time we'll probably try another place for 10pm dessert and cocktails.|2|1|0
7H5fb4BnnaX3IT4DPb724Q|qEMhJPjboSA_LcFL6fN_4w|4|The food was great. The fajitas were filling and delicious. Good and fast service. Sitting outside was nice and fun for people watching and enjoying the sights and sounds of the city at night.|0|0|0
LahgT0Dec0B6NSws7VHiJQ|BITIiGizlgfj0V5orNESyw|3|I am going to start off by saying that I am a loyalist to the "Chicago Dog."  I was born, raised, and still reside in Chicago. Therefore, I love a Vienna beef dog run through the garden with celery salt and a steamed poppy seed Rosen's bun.  However, lately I have been experimenting as I travel and sampling what I'd call "regional dogs".  So when given the opportunity to samples Spike's on a recent trip to Rhode Island I jumped at the chance. The only question was whether or not I should try to eat 6 and get my picture on the wall!I started with the Big Dave's Deluxe which was topped with Sauerkraut, Russian Dressing, and Swiss Cheese.  The flavors worked well together and it was a solid first dog at Spike's.  After housing the Dave's Deluxe, I went on to devour The Patriot dog, which was topped with Spike's Mustard, Bacon, and Cheddar Cheese.  I liked this dog a lot and could have definitely polished off four more and made the wall. However, I don't think Audrey was looking forward to sleeping next to me after putting down 6 dogs with bacon and cheese. Spike's dog's are about a quarter pound, all natural, and really do have nice flavor.  I give Spike's mad props for their tasty dog.  However, though the bun is tasty, the house baked French roll is just a bit too substantial for a dog.  I prefer a pillowy soft steamed bun.  Another highlight was the Spike's branded Root Beer that they serve by the bottle. I love Root Beer and this one was pretty good.The space is decorated with junkyard type paraphernalia and Polaroid pictures of the few brave souls who have managed to eat 6 or more dogs.  The service was "indie weird good." If in Rhode Island again I will definitely be heading back to claim my space on the wall of fame/shame.2 Dogs1 Rootbeer---------------------$8.00|0|0|1
B0_HY1F7bUqB3ONhy73udQ|BVS9dttQihhhUGPwX8N9vQ|1|BAD- overpriced, bad flavorless food.Only plus was the friendly waitress.|2|0|1
SkY-3itZowxA9lByHVX2Dg|qVEmas6gFaOoRLAhLIyJmw|1|This place is closed as of July 2, 2012http://www2.turnto10.com/business/2012/jul/11/providence-pub-abruptly-closes-ar-1100112/|3|0|0
0A3irNk0Kb3vQasADoQCHw|jkO7kqqw1G2RgVaamNt1dg|4|I went for the first time for lunch today.  My friend and I shared a vegetarian sampler for two that was wonderful.  When it arrived it didn't seem like that much food, but hard as we tried we were unable to finish it all.  The variety of spices and textures were really wonderful.  The Injera was just the subtle sour I like.  I will definately be returning, and am looking forward to it.|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|fG5dYu52bCOJAZvGaLCq_A|4|We finished our girls weekend here with the sunday brunch. The foods was amazing. I had the stuff French toast with a side of the applewood smoked bacon and absolutely had no complaints. They were playing some nice jazz and the decor was great.  We got there right after they opened so we go to pick our seat and choose one of the semi circle booth tables, it provided some nice privacy. If we had anything we'd really comment on it would be this - The upstairs bathroom is a unisex 1 stall, and the guy who used it before left the seat up and that was just a small thing. Our waitress was nice and attentive but must have been new because she seemed a little nervous and not sure of herself. But she did fine. Wen it some to the food and the philosophy this is a must try though.|0|0|0
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|fMFUNmmtkzBlYS0Gk_FVdw|2|I remember coming here once, and that's almost all I remember about it. I think the food was decent but a little overpriced.|0|0|0
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|pHXVQ0ypzTd7Jy7qBDOAJw|4|The slices *are* nice and so are the guys at the counter. Always! BEST CRUST in PVD, I dare say. Whole wheat, crispity crunchity and amazing flavor.The decor is funky and fresh; I admire while I wait. Though just a handful of seats to eat inside.Props for the bottled soda possibilities - mmm... Virgil's Root Beer.|2|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|HKXGPVGRFD-0Md1Mr8OIAw|4|First off, gorgeous interior. Very peaceful and tasteful.Came here late the other night. The Hibachi was closed (closes at 11) but the dining room was open (open til 12 on weekends). The waitress was so sweet! Since it was a quiet evening the kitchen did us a huge favor by cooking our dumplings half steamed, half fried (I like them steamed, my boyfriend likes them fried). Thank you! I tried the Red Lotus which is a Vodka, Sake, Pomegranate drink- very good and a great price too (under $7)! I had the rice noodles with beef and my boyfriend had the pan-fried noodles with beef- both were excellent, excellent, excellent! These were also great prices- both entrees were under $10 each.We will definitely be coming back to try the Hibachi and the Sushi!!|1|0|0
rdvWYwtOW6Mw_LTNAqlsQQ|kCXn6IIdtCepeP8vvPmcwA|1|Just another kiddie bar with a DJ and ridiculously high drinks prices AND a $10 cover. These places are a dime a dozen in the City. This won't last for sure.|5|1|1
2fTayx8rmxVAz23BSVH1aA|IcdxwCBX6rNHwlcFJEVVtQ|2|Alright, Rue-Bis. I found you and I tried your Rue Wrap. It was supposed to be on a sundried tomato wrap, but I got whole wheat (blech). I couldn't really taste the lemongrass mayo, and the chicken was over-cooked and stringy. The tomato was mealy, and that cucumber salad had seen better days.Maybe it's because I came late in the day, but there was only ONE person working, and I had to wait a good 15 minutes for her to come out of the kitchen to take my order. Then I had to wait 15 more to get my wrap. ANd THEN she didn't charge me correctly. Odd. All in all, truly disappointing which is sad because you're cute, Rue-Bis. From your name to your location to your menu, you're cute.|2|1|3
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|_K3wBMFBmOnyS0IitI5mVQ|5|Seitan Barbeque? I'm in! We were in Providence for a weekend conference. While searching for vegan alternatives on Yelp, I came across United BBQ. The restaurant is not  primarily vegetarian. They offer real barbecued meats -- beef, chicken and pork. However, they are savvy enough to realize that vegetarians and vegans like to eat just like anyone else, so their menu is filled with "V" alternatives. I was particularly impressed that their menu is clearly marked: a green V means vegetarian; a green V within a circle means vegan. I wish all restaurants would do this, because I'm vegetarian and my husband is vegan. It saves a lot of time for us, and the restaurant, when we don't have to ask if each menu item is vegan or vegetarian. And United BBQ delivers! We ordered by phone, and the food arrived in about half an hour on a Saturday night to our downtown hotel. What a feast! The seitan BBQ plate came covered with plenty of sweet, tangy barbecue sauce, and was accompanied by cornbread and two sides. (We ordered the mashed potatoes and "corn off the cob" for our sides.) We also ordered red beans and rice with vegan sausage and the house vegan chili. All this food came to about $20.Only small criticisms: the online menu was apparently scanned and uploaded to their website at too large a resolution. It took forever to open on my travel laptop. Also, the delivery did not include any plastic utensils.My favorites were the seitan BBQ, the mashed potatoes and the cornbread. I will definitely go back to United BBQ when I return to Providence.|2|0|1
zR6m1J5Y_3RndYcLIRROeg|4rk1vq6fFB3VzGNlirgvyg|3|It was pretty packed in there... I felt like i was cramped because the seating is so close....i ordered some sashimi apps they were fresh .. The oysters were amazing... The filet mignon I ordered tasted plain ... Even the hollandaise sauce tasted plain but they cooked my steak right!!! Place is a bit pricey.,,.ill come back but not anytime soon!!!|0|0|0
YEwDXqS6WaT37N3ZQIhbiw|d_gt7E-ldc5zAZ0TVUnTYw|4|I'm a fan of Bagel Gourmet on Brook Street, and this location is basically a newer, cleaner, less crowded version of that, which makes me happy, especially on a Saturday morning when I wake up slightly hungover and desperately need a coffee and a bagel to revive me. I usually stick to a pretty basic bagel (blueberry, everything) with peanut butter or chive cream cheese (respectively). They really go overboard with the toppings, even when I request a 'light' amount of spread, so I end up wiping about half of whatever I order off, which is my biggest complaint since it seems wasteful. However, I can really appreciate the little things, like the time they take to melt the sugar for the iced coffees and wrap leftovers to go if you need that. I sincerely hope they get a ton of business during the week, because whenever I've been here on the weekend, there's no one else around (I am an early riser, though). My other half is a fan of the lox cream cheese spread, egg sandwiches, and even the breakfast burrito from time to time. They prep all of the eggs and bagel sandwiches to order, which makes them hot, fresh, and worth waiting for. Street parking is your best bet. Meters are free on Sundays.|0|0|0
3Fl9FLuDyOiqXOU8iM2Aqw|MbE89ilkgJZqDwfkS9MBWA|4|Try the Moroccan Mint tea (with sugar). It won't disappoint.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|uYqpUIjos0puuar__elBkw|4|I like this place, but let me tell you it's no Falafel King (Boston: Downtown Crossing).  The gyros was the frozen strip kind, thank God I caught them pulling it out, so I could change my order.  I ended up with yummy deliciousness.  Next time I'm going to skip the hot sauce (too sweet) and I think I'll obtain perfection.|0|0|0
w3p6mz0m1b-jPm26weDabQ|DPjTisV8HhAbNTOefBVGzg|3|Went to breakfast here with my BF one morning after hearing about it.... I was good, friendly people.. we both ordered omelette's , and we thought they came with potatoes or something else for the price. Real cute place though, will go back to try the smoothies and chili!|0|0|0
SkY-3itZowxA9lByHVX2Dg|FWlT0UXhmVIHxNfQ6A95Tw|1|Let's be honest...McFadden's kinda sucks.The music blasts late night, with highly intoxicated and seemingly underage college students falling all over each other, bumping into you and cutting you in line for drinks. Ok, it's a college bar. I get it, and can get past that and rate the bar as such. That however, is not the real issue. The food is sub par, the drinks are kind of pricy and on my last (and final visit) the bartender, after being a space case the entire time, charged my credit card for two bills, one for me, one for my friend (even though we gave him two different cards) and then gave them to each of us to sign (so I didn't sign for his tab which I was charged for, he did). I didn't realize until both bills showed up on my statement, and called immediately. The management said they would look into it and call me back. They didn't. I called again...and again...and again, once every other day for about two and a half weeks until they would no longer field my calls and simply said "ok I will let the manager know you called."I eventually had to get Bank of American involved, who investigated the case and contacted McFadden's. Shortly after that, McFadden's called me and said that they had charged my account the tab (it was over 70 bucks) and to contact Bank of America to tell them everything was square. Well, they lied again. My account was never charged. BOA returned my money, thankfully (I mean I didn't even sign the bill and it had someone else's name on the tab) and I can finally rest easy, being sure to never attend McFadden's again.Do yourself a favor, steer clear of this place.|2|0|0
uwi8IfY3AQO1iJ1I0B336g|TYURMcdjX8f0QcIkbEK2IQ|4|Delicious Mango with shrimp salad, nam yaa soup, and Street Noodles combination.  Not spicy but tasty.  Very good tea. BYO beer or wine. Small restaurant.  Will be closed July 18 - August 17th so be sure to call around these times to make sure they are open.  Also closing earlier starting next week.|1|0|0
ezfOX2z0EOFH6UOQyrkRpA|SIyu7SN8BfD-QR-OT0M4Zw|4|I was taken here for my birthday by my brother.  We both had the prime rib, which nearly melted in my mouth.  The servers were prompt and quite friendly.Plus, the family at the table behind us were quite humorous to listen to.  Always good to have live entertainment.|0|1|0
5OY43DZbO-IwYSQ91yRyPw|FO0xWtb16t5Zi2JC_7WU4Q|3|It a nice dim lit and intimate setting with a bar in the front. They play a variety of music. I say its great for friends to eat, relax and have a great conversation.The food was pretty awesome. We had the sumo sashimi, Mobster roll, and Dice K roll which were delicious. Service was average.So if sushi is your thing, go for it!|0|0|0
-93uBoiVyQ2ZPABERT621w|Ny1z4J8qmdxP4bwkEkJ3Jg|5|This place is great. The onion soup with bourbon & gruyere was VERY tasty, and for the same price you'd pay at most other places you get a lot more. I had a 'Hawaiian Burger' special, medium rare - cooked perfectly, flavorful and just all-around good. The fresh chips are great, although I might go for fries next time. The vibe is pretty decent - I love the tin ceilings and the purple and green walls. Good beer selection, friendly service, nice decor, good food, central location... What's not to like?|1|0|0
qylEvwzt5M_p7QTveZlEvQ|C5Avkksj5Iom9saQyoEM8w|3|Located just south of Downtown in Providence's Jewelry District, The ROI offers a cozy, comfortable, and creative atmosphere to settle in, sip on stylish cocktails, and savor the classy jazz tunes that fill the air.  Below street level, this establishment is an unique and entertaining way to spend a couple hours with friends or that special somebody.  Dim lighting, candlelit tables, and smooth jazz are sure to score romance points when planning for that special evening.  I came here on a Friday night with a couple of friends and was seated quickly at a booth across from the bar.  After quickly perusing the drink menu, and conversing about how Mad Men-esque this place felt, I ended up ordering a specialty drink called the "Baby, It's Cold Outside!" comprised of Stoli Vanilla, hot dark cocao, and Godiva Liqueur topped with whipped cream.  One word: delicious!  During our first round of drinks, I also sampled the "Post-Op Buzz" made with Espresso vodka and Kahlua with a bit of cream.  Both of these drinks certainly capable of delivering as dessert delights.  The next round, an Amaretto Sour, was a far cry from the impression I received initially.  It was delivered as a large glass of sour mix with a small portion of Amaretto swimming at the bottom.  Even after vigorous mixing, nothing could save me from the acid churning beverage before me.  After sending it back, it was returned only slightly improved but at least drinkable as far as I was concerned.  I noticed a decent selection of beer on tap and considering the inflated pricing of the previously purchased drinks, would probably stick with these the next time I visit.  As a group, we ordered the Tuscan Calamari, and for myself, a basic Caesar Salad.  The calamari, served with cherry peppers, roast peppers, and olives was a bit sub-standard in my opinion.  The pieces were a bit soggy with the overall flavor lacking the punch I so sought.  The salad on the other hand was comprised of crisp lettuce, oversized and flavorful croutons, and just the right amount of dressing.  Overall, there was nothing overly bad or good about the dining.  It was simply, alright.The Gino Rosati Quartet provided a variety of tunes for our listening enjoyment during our time there.  They were set up on a small stage in the corner and the music was not overbearing nor did it prevent our group from both enjoying it and conversing at the same time.  Our waiter was quite pleasant, very efficient, and attentive to our needs.  For just over $30 including tip, I ordered 2 beverages, 1 salad, and paid a quarter of the calamari appetizer.  Not awful, but not something I'd want to shell out on a regular basis.  The mediocre food is what limits this establishment in the way of higher ratings for me.  What I learned from my experience, is that a pleasant evening can be achieved by eating dinner elsewhere and finishing your night here with a few cocktails and satisfying music.|3|1|1
8qCse4_dRis6mqj-RqrFMg|4TCOItk-gIJROyNA5ftZ-Q|3|good pizza, reminds me of Two Boots in NYC, which is a compliment. decent spot for a quick slice.|0|0|0
BhjVNGhWBeWx-joM_xwS9w|S-FtVvOBTn7BDmW6Cj-How|4|Love this place....dive-y Irish bar but sooo worth it.  They have amazing sandwiches...the M12 is fabulous.Irish pub...need I say more.  Guiness is good and if you want a stiff pour..need to come here.  Holy crap, its only a splash of mixer.  Thats all you get.  Does the job!!When ordering at the bar...get aggressive.  i'm not used to being pushy but the lady bartender..(I forgot her name) she's great!|0|1|0
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|T9imqc0UFz-8XEy1q_inzQ|1|i was not impressed with the "cleveland steamer" sandwich , it tasted like shit|0|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|PVFekEJidqcH3V55HqhIBg|4|just to start off, meeting street is famous for their cookies. every time there's an event that a student group on campus wants people to come to, they tend to advertise with "free meeting street cookies!!" the cookies are ENORMOOUS [bigger than your face], but at the same time they're also amazingly tasty. if you're gonna come here, at least get a cookie [chocolate chunk is the most common]. they make great last-minute presents!the food here is also delicious. it's nothing spectacular or unique, but there's something so wonderfully satisfying about big servings of comfort food dishes like tomato soup with grilled cheese, vegetarian lasagna, BLTs, etc. it's great to come here for any meal of the day. a major plus is that with your main dish you also get a choice of two sides.|0|0|0
-1K9xLVS8HnG8n0g7Xq7mQ|VZUHcHoSYtn8mKq31hAM-g|3|Solid for price/quantity and service is quick, but sandwiches could have some more unique ingredients/combinations. Expect leftovers (unless your sharing). Ross turkey sandwich was good, but nothing overly exceptional. Good if you're looking for sandwiches while you're on Thayer or visiting Brown.|0|0|0
11ZM3Uvi8N-zskjWAD3M2Q|PqEMzxn_7OHpqpwr0bXYkA|3|Five stars for being a Dairy Queen. Minus one star for being one of those crummy Orange Julius/Dairy Queen combos in a mall. Minus one star for not being located near the food court. Minus one star for hit and miss service; they make some of the worst Blizzards ever here, but they'll also prepare items that are no longer on the menu just for the asking.Plus one extra star for being a Dairy Queen.|1|0|0
9hjuKkPO0LryqAq1xSfpuA|n_yLFHaxKHYCxn0t16123w|1|The decor is nice.Other than that, this place blows, and I was soooooooooooo happy that I was not the one paying.For the price, you expect good service, and you expect good food.  I got neither.  I had to flag the server down more than just a few times for simple things like putting in my order, or fixing my order because it was cooked wrong, or getting me additional spices for the flavorless curry, etc etc etc...We had to sit an extra 20 minutes before the lady gave us the bill...then another 20 minutes before she came back with the slip, then another ten minutes before she provided change just to get her tip.Good thing I wasn't paying, because I wouldn't have left her a thing.  And I probably would have taken off without paying due to sitting there a whole extra hour after the meal was done, waiting on her to take my money.I came here again with my sister, for a quick app, and the service was just as bad.Fool me once, shame on me.  Fool me twice, shame on you-because I will never ever ever go back.I love indian food, but this place is a joke.  And the sad thing is I didn't have to pay either time I went because everyone keeps saying it is the best indian food in providence.  What a joke!I would rather drive 2 hours to connecticut to get REAL indian food than sit in this beautiful restaurant and eat their over priced, over cooked, bland "indian" cuisine.seriously, the curry tasted pretty good after I sent it back to the chef to fix...but why should I have had to do that in the first place?And I really hate the idea of sending my food back to be recooked, because you just know they are being careless with it and rushing.|0|0|0
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|4ZfHbIbmyTuCX0BXNOocrg|5|Bread was fresh.Meat was piled on my sandwich.Cheese was melted & oozing out.That sauce (don't remember the name) was really creamy.Staff was super friendly and willing to make a couple of adjustments to my sandwich.Sandwich was put together quickly & out to me in less than 10 minutes.Although my sandwich was falling apart and I had to use a fork ::gasp:: to pick it all up, I couldn't just leave the sad looking thing there.and my favorite part...THERE IS A BARREL OF PICKLES, all the pickle spears I wanted which made me a very happy camper.|1|1|1
A6dVeZf0ZKgOqKxB7y0F0w|Tc8lhTent3_QRC2chf_JVA|1|Literally a one star is all I could give... I'm sorry we as in me and my friend have tried BBC  twice disappointed!!  I am a big fan of healthy, organic, grass fed or no growth hormone foods, etc ... So having a burger at BBC I considered a treat but it was horrible very soggy and the fries were wet and soggy as well both times and I had two different burgers the regular beef and vegt!!! Sorry but no go|0|0|0
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|VFkzf-g8NqJj402sE433kA|4|i'd say local 121 deserves a 3.5 (yelp can you PLEASE get on that) but because it is eco friendly and organic i'll bump it up to a 4. so there's my disclaimer.the decor is beautiful! never have i ever sat in such comfy seats in a restaurant before. it's like going back in time almost and they play music that suits the atmosphere very well. service is wonderful. our waitress was a sweetheart. simply and elegant. not overbearing at all. i wish a caught her name!the food was delish!  a naan pizza for an appetizer with scallops for me and the steak for the man. the scallops had the perfect texture and the sauce they were served in was wonderful. however, the potatoes they were served with were slightly underdone. fix that and it would be stellar. i had the herbed bread pudding for dessert. it was such a big slice that i couldn't finish it. very nice flavors though. since i'm coming from boston, i don't view the prices as too bad. however, for providence it's pricey. however, it's not unreasonable. local 121 makes for a lovely night out and it's the perfect place to take some eco friendly friends as well as those who are not so eco friendly and just care about good food.|1|2|0
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|xwIm0Sjc7Ehb9zXcrLsKcw|4|We hadn't been here in forever and thought we'd stop in again. My hubby and I shared the appetizer plate with all of the fixins: hummus, tabouli, grape leaves, babba ganoush and pita and then split a kebab plate. It was plenty of food and really delicious! I also like their burgers and fries. They have an awesome aioli that they serve with the fries.|0|0|0
_BG8WroxU2JbZSij6VWx_A|smK233okr7aII6RNRgL4QA|4|Hey we had a few great times here hanging out with friends and listening to the live music. I heard they have slamming food but never got a chance to eat here. You usually have to pay for parking in the lot which sucks but it's worth the good time. Drinks are plentiful and the bar tenders are true Irish-men, they are generous on the hard stuff...trust me.|0|0|0
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|1JIw_n2nfVlteIpz6gRv6A|3|Chill and friendly is the best two words to describe.  Our service was friendly and fast, it was busy but you wouldn't have thought it from our server, which is always a good sign.Mark it on the list to check out|0|0|0
dQfvxeuNNqku7mozkk4Y3w|ZBx4G7WYHtAMJF7BP4FdPQ|3|What can you say?  Greasy spoon and a Providence mainstay at its best. Eclectic crowd since they're open late night. Not going for gourmet, but rather guilty pleasure fries.|0|0|0
4EljqY21fLOtLaoWCJlsIQ|sZKc5EI2YsGr4euipIdybg|4|Love the Chicago pizza,even got me to try flavors i probably wouldn't usually. No complaints.|0|0|0
P-2zSdHB1rudqS5oGNIlqg|dIeOI3XlMO-ifsOF6DpwQA|4|Quite solid, and what little I tried I'd probably put in the 3-4 star range but I had some trouble with my debit card when I went to pay and the lady there was very understanding and nice and it worked out great - 4 stars it is.  The falafel is really good and flavorful, however, I would avoid the red sauce they put on there if you don't tell them you don't want it - it tasted too ketchup-y to me.  Also, I would maybe not get the pickles on it next time but hey!  The whole reason you go the first time is so you know what to order better the second time.|0|0|0
5Et3v7458hRZrx-42KetZw|HfL-m5gNTjtRfDaG8H5j2g|5|Loved it! Great food. Nice bar area too.|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|Lya_3K2rIwx5yHCovgvXjw|5|A true escape from the everyday right here in Providence! Once you step over the threshold of the Duck and Bunny you realize that you are in much more than a simple tea house, or a cupcake bakery, or even a bar. They call it a "Snuggery" and if you give the phrase a moment to sink in you will realize it is the correct term to describe the ornately decorated hideaway. The decor changes from room to room but the one consistent factor throughout is the friendly and courteous staff. This group of eclectic characters brings the spirit of this locale to life!Beyond the great staff there is also a fantastic selection of beers, wines, creative champagne cocktails, and of course, the food! The Duck and Bunny serves some of the best cupcakes in town. My favorites at this moment include the decadent Salted Caramel Chocolate, the Banana Nutella and the Portuguese Bread Pudding. The rest of their menu is spot on too including creative crepes, fantastic cheese and charcuterie plates, and some wonderful brunch creations. Try all of their takes on eggs benedict, or Eggs Bun-A-Duck as they would say!The perfect spot for a romantic evening, a family brunch, or in the warmer months a late night in their back patio area. I cannot more highly recommend the Duck and Bunny the next time you are looking to step off the beaten path in Providence!|0|0|0
7oPD0Kg-BEpMzYt-Z9QY2g|HayM8BOYcuudJ-W6iQ0SkQ|5|I probably stop by Eat at least twice a week; it's kind of like Cheers, where everyone knows your name (and order). They serve high quality breakfast and lunch food plus amazing coffee from Mills Roasting Co. (Providence based since the 1850s!) who can resist?! Their bagels are probably the closed thing to the real deal in NY. Lunch time can be a bit busy, but otherwise the service is fast and efficient. Love everything about this place- red velvet sofas, local art and laid back yet professional vibe.|0|0|1
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|dPLaY-t4BF7KZI9SXABg5A|5|My aunt and I decided to stop in this little place on Wickenden St in Providence for a slice of pizza to hold us over until dinner.  Now, pizza is something we have in Hawaii but my auntie assured me that this was no ordinary pizza.  Sure enough, the crispy crust, unique toppings and excellent customer service was enough to make this stop more than worth our time!!We ended up splitting a slice of butternut squash pizza. It was $3 something which I thought was a good price- then again, I am rather used to inflation living on an island... Sounds strange but the combo of cheese, sauce, thin shavings of squash, freshly shaved parmesan cheese and onions was melt-in-your-mouth, orgasmically fantastic...We took our pizza to go but the man behind the counter was a sweetie.... 5 stars and I will definitely be back on my next visit to RI!|1|0|2
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|VqSFTE5f-mDzoLeXS-16xw|4|So after 2 attempts at this place, it was finally open. I have to admit that the first time was the day after thanksgiving and the 2nd day was a monday.... besides the point.Both times I've gone, I've ended up with the same thing: pulled pork, mac and cheese, and baked beans with cornbread. I was completely satisfied with everything (considering I went for the same thing the 2nd time, it's a little obvious) except the cornbread. It was dry and a little tasteless - a sad side to a great meal.I am also excited about the vegan options so that I can go here with my vegan friend and we both can be really happy. Hopefully it will be just as yummy for her.|1|0|0
CLfX-_6CngIOjJslhNkTCA|drUGE2WBdh5TBP-0AvHxhw|4|The food is excellent. The welcome is extremely professional (details details details ... even down to making sure the napkin on your lap matches the color of your pants).It's warm, cozy, woody and the bar is stocked with every possible wine you would want to order.On the flip side ... if you're a vegetarian ... good luck with this one. If you eat fish, you get 2 choices : the salmon or the mahi-mahi. That's about it. Otherwise, expect to see delicious plates such as the rack of lamb -- a local favorite  -- or every possible steak cut out there. My meal partners loved the pork, the mussels, and the side of mushrooms were to die for.If you don't eat meat or fish, I suggest walking down the street to another place that gives veggies an alternative.Result of the evening : I had a nice buzz on an empty stomach. There are worse things in life :)|1|0|0
uJA6Perynk-drhKfX5Fh4w|wgDpdHHou5zVH1gKL2lY9w|3|"Do you want to go somewhere with Authentic 60's dining?" -My Friend"Uhm, you mean like Johnny Rockets?" -Me"You've heard of the place?" -My Friend"Yeah, its a pretty famous chain" -Me"Oh, well I thought this one was the only one in the world" -My Friend"Yikes" -Me|1|1|2
L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w|tpEWW4usnsOAMlkh1akxcA|5|I am shocked I have never reviewed this place. I have been to Local 121 many times. The food is always delicious, the service great, and the cocktails AMAZING! Last night we split the seafood cake and a delicious meatloaf with stout gravy.. i seriously wanted to lick the plate! Everything changes seasonly so they always the the freshest local ingredients, even in the drinks.. in the summer try anything with rhubarb in it. This is definitely a place worth going back to over and over again. It's great for entertaining out of town guests as well, its sure to impress them!|0|0|0
t2tHuFNhPhlknnML7kzLww|A_HWWJ4PO3nG9IRlfZjNbQ|1|The place is really dirty. I am totally grossed out and had to leave|0|0|0
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|wxHOzamRYPFtGnYpHiJ2aw|3|Nice place for beer and fast food... expect to only get burgers and hot dogs and beer.  The burger were decent (greasy but tasty) if you're into sliders and the price was reasonable.I will probably go back.  It had a cool after work atmosphere and didn't seem like it was full of college kids.  I took my young kids there around 6PM on a Thursday... kind of hard, not too kid friendly or at least for under 6 yrs old.  BTW, the valet parking was a nice touch!|1|0|1
afoQr3drIs-0vbh42O0Ewg|EXYUCdv1TFzrsL0o33kpUw|4|Had insanely amazing tuna steak, done perfectly.  Raw and waved over a flame.Nicole, our server was great and remembered all the little details.  Got lucky and got the best seat in the house, overlooking the water.Lobster bisque was a rich treat.  Would have liked some lumps in it.  Generous proportions in all entrees.Can barely think right now due to protein overload.|0|0|0
Dw88AIwVNK7hVUB6wQ45FA|thb8e_eNB7l0Ie0Ihg55Rw|3|This is a popular "I just don't want to cook tonight" destination for the wife and I. Great sushi. The All American Roll is a guilty pleasure of mine. Avocado salad is also a heavy hitter in the rotation. The service is so bad that I actually like it. The chefs themselves are super friendly but the waitstaff is either entirely too busy for formalities or completely unaware of the basics of front of the house service. But hey if you know before you go you are going to be fine.The Brown students like to get together here and play grown ups. Most of the time its bearable but we avoid this place before and after college breaks as I really can't enjoy nigiri or sashimi while undergrads talk (rather loudly) about their upcoming trip to the Hamptons or their alternative spring break to Katmandu. All in all one of more popular Providence destinations. It is BYOB which keeps it affordable and we never leave hungry.|0|3|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|OAkH6t9Mkg2fDwDFvq-B8g|1|Awful. Just came from here with my boyfriend. We went for dessert after having a great dinner at Tokyo. After waiting in the teeny doorway for at least 5 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge us, we were told there "might" be a table for us.   After people crowding the bar finally moved, we decided to just sit there instead of "maybe" waiting for a table. So we were given menus. And waited. And waited. And waited.   Then 3 girls came in, loudly traipsed up to the bar, and got cupcakes to go. Being served before us.  Finally, Nick the bartender came over and told us there was only one of the cupcakes we wanted left (almond joy) as the other got sold to the girl who cut in front of us. Grr.  Fine. We ordered the last one and I also ordered the "sweet baby James"  Once it finally came out about ten minutes later I was surprised to see strawberries in a burrito. Yes folks, strawberries. In a burrito.   Nothing more. Not a thick, mistaken crepe. A tortilla.  It was one of the worst things I have ever tasted. There was no sweet in this baby James. There was no flavor, no taste, just strawberries. In a burrito. Nick never came over to see how our food was, nor our drinks (Guinness float for him, mediocre and a Lindsey for me.)  When we finally called him over, he apologized for serving the other girls first, said it was "sometimes hard to manage" with all the confusion and was stunned by our hatred towards our baby James.  Thankfully, he did not try to make us pay for it and we left.  The almond joy cupcake was delicious. Make more for busy days like Friday and Saturday. Stick with what you're good at duck and bunny- cupcakes.|0|1|0
qOHUAgrN0HldxPOniJtpXQ|ZhOQ3SwLQfS1majXxdv1jg|4|Great place to go out with a group for a drink and delicious pub fare. The menu rotates pretty frequently and the specials are usually solid, but the pulled pork is always a staple. mmmmm|0|0|0
xsciMH9Wvl6o3sUdCsz8gw|UuRc_5BL3--2fAJRC7vM0A|5|Excellent pizza, service and atmosphere for quick meal or hanging out  . . Dropped in the other day looking for good slices and Bam!  I was happy dining . .|0|0|0
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|Yhotyln7QiqpPOfNij2LEw|5|I love to come to United for my BBQ take out fix! They also deliver all the way to where I live (on the west end).They have a fairly extensive menu, with options catering also to Vegetarians. I like to get the pulled pork sandwich plate. It's a great deal for a sandwich, homemade chips, and cole slaw! I also like that it's BYOB. Bring your friends and the beer, for a nice picnic-y feel.If you're not sure what to get, and you want to try many different options without spending too much money, I'd suggest hopping on restaurant.com. They have 25$ off a 35$ order (after price of the gift cert).The service is always friendly and the prices are great!Happy BBQ-nom noms!|1|0|1
bKiYncygmFqKC27CZe81TA|wM3CIcnrbz4g10Dd-1Jzlw|4|I vowed not to return but ended up meeting friends for lunch last week.  The service was actually good this time.  The burgers were great and we were out of there quickly.  The waitress was friendly and on the ball.  I may have changed my mind about this place.....|0|0|0
MGOt6JSu0NPI-DKhWRTTeA|LCZgiPzUKzigGdj76cygQA|4|Delicious food and margaritas!|0|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|DPrQroOPNzDGk71GpOYb_g|4|Maybe they decided to shape up since everyone elses review, but I've been there twice recently and its really pretty legit.  Going out to eat often, it can get boring at regular, sit-down places.  Fire and Ice is a change of pace, and can let you be (somewhat) creative with your meal.  Servers were outgoing, Cooks were friendly and sort of entertaining.|0|1|0
uaPEPXxiEf8rNFbzFyy3Cw|3xFGPEzgK-WNlYnO2QOzdQ|3|Keeping it curt, burritos are ok......i avoid the Guacomole.....Nachos are fresh....|0|0|2
SkY-3itZowxA9lByHVX2Dg|RROJRr8c3hlVxnF_FjF_KQ|3|If you want to see a bunch of college aged girls show their asses and act like drunken whores while getting macked on by middle aged douchebads with receding hairlines who think that they are studs, then go to McFadden's at around 9pm on any given night. If you want to have a good time, go anywhere else in the universe (except Greggs.)|0|0|1
87h9WI6h9cjNHxQd0FizBA|cHLEv4ADdvAv7u9h7B3WFA|4|This review is for weekend brunch, as I have heard that their dinners are much more expensive. I have gone a few times, usually on weekends but also on weekdays too. This is a great place for weekend brunch! There is almost never a wait as the restaurant is pretty big and they use both sides. We had 7 people on a sunday morning, called in at 12:30 and got a table for 1 pm. This is a relatively nice place. As far as the food, the bread is delicious! Two of my friends shared the french press which looked awesome. We got a variety of breakfast and lunch type foods (they had a decent selection). I got the breakfast enchilada which was pretty tasty. The lobster crepe was good as well. With tax and tip, came out to about $110 for 7 people with most people getting coffee too. Seemed like a pretty good deal.Overall, it's a good place if you want a tasty brunch and don't want to wait weekend mornings.|0|0|0
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|3OOTLKp74dBk4T--tEnVJg|5|Absolutely fantastic crepes.  Mine was made with fresh spinach, turkey, and mozzarella cheese.  I enjoyed them so much I made it here each of the three consecutive days I spent in Rhode Island. The decor was beautiful, too.  I'm already planning a trip back just for this little shop.|0|0|0
hs1bNW1pkKYGoXQ39P2Ffw|er9iW6a7CUHE5bLO4ye5Hw|4|My fiancee' was recovering from a cold, so we were looking for something low key for dinner on this Saturday evening (Valentine's day, to boot... good thing we celebrated it last weekend!).  We had been meaning to check out United BBQ on Ives St., and the thought of a nice candle-lit pulled pork meal on this cold night was quite alluring, so we stopped in.  Upon stepping in (even while parking the car), you could not help but notice the smell of smoked meats, so we hurried in.  The exterior had a brick facade with their funky logo on a bright neon sign, and the interior was clean, and warmly lit and painted.  While I had thought that they were take out only, they did have 2 counter height tables and counters by the windows, so eating in was also an option.  The menu offered a good selection, including pulled pork, pulled chicken, BBQ wings, burgers, and pork and beef ribs.  The kitchen was open and we were mesmerized by the ribs that must have just come out of the smoker.  Vegetarian selections were also available, such as a BBQ Seitan sandwich (what?), grilled Boca burgers, and pinto beans.  We were here for the meat tonight though, so ordered up a pulled pork plate, and a pork rib plate, for $10.99 each.  Seeing the soup of the day was a roasted tomato soup with veggies, beans, and smoked sausage, I added that to boot.  The plates came with your choice of corn bread (home made) or white bread, and 2 sides (the lady ordered the cole slaw and green beans, and I got the slaw and mashed potatoes).  Upon getting home, lighting some candles, and pouring a glass of wine (her) and beer (moi), we popped open our meals (plates were brought to the table, but we dug right in). We were greeted by very generous portions (I think my rib plate had 7 ribs) - each meal could have fed 2 people, but heck, that would have meant you had to share!  The pulled pork was savory and delicious, with a vinegar based sauce, and the ribs were finger lickin' good, and fell easily off the bone.  The sides were equally delicious, and both of us had to stop halfway through to avoid being stuffed - more to eat for tomorrow.  We are now fans of United BBQ.United BBQ  smokes their barbecue in-house, using the freshest, quality ingredients available (local ingredients used when available). They also state that they use eco-friendly packaging and have all of their cooking oils recycled by a local firm for use as heating oil.  They're open daily from 11am to 11pm, except for Mondays, and offer free delivery.  If you're in the mood for some good BBQ on the East Side, stop in to United BBQ and give them a try - it will be good for your belly and soul, good for local purveyors, and you will be supporting a newly established business who has eco-friendliness on their minds.|2|0|1
ILLYK1PwY2F5c__Dhycopw|SNNqHITC-UJCC-ouNLfxpA|5|Had lunch here about 2 weeks ago and all I can say it that the food and service are still superlative. My chicken sandwich was amazing and the lobster salad my dining pal had looked amazing. I am not sure how you could not be completely satisfied here.|0|0|0
24CV8Si8DulpStT7s71Agw|bFvv4qHsdwTg9Ur2zCztkw|5|I live closeby, so its super convenient for me to drop by for a quick breakfast or lunch sandwich. This place may not be cheap, but damn the ingredients are as fresh as you can get! PS the staff are super nice|0|0|0
9jbiSU23TGDdBw0a94l3oA|aQ_ccN-q95KU7dV8C2SDvw|2|The food is pretty good. I got a grilled veggie sandwich and the bread was too hard. Everything is cold, which I don't like. They also use too much of their lemon aioli on too many of their dishes.|0|0|0
5ZLz8TTa1AHQJ7ZBEMUBAw|eb1C6UJdc9a_a7twYMIxyQ|5|Louis is a great place for casual dining, i love how late they're open and how cheap the food is! Their pumpkin pancakes and home fries are amazing. The waitress that works here is fast too.The decor is weird but it's perfectly suited for Louis!|2|0|0
YdS4YpaCSg-cjqB66eadEQ|NQZWHudo9pJS_TKEGc7inA|2|My first visit, long ago, I thought Fire+Ice. what is it? The name doesn't offer many clues.  It's a buffet/stir fry restaurant. Oh-wait, what? Confused? I didnt blame me. The concept is iffy and the execution is worse. I'll skip the process since most all are familiar and jump to random thoughts: -It seems always crowded. Expect loong airport-like cues as you journey to simply feed.  Wait to seat, then separate lines form for tiny bowls, veggies, seafood, sauces then cook.  At last you may sit.-Don't tell them it's your first time.  The overly blissful server will insist on a tour. INSIST! It's not that much bigger than burger king-I can sort this out-leave me be, ill fend for myself.-I don't want my burger tasting like sezchwan and I don't want my seafood tasting like chili.  What if I want my chicken seasoned differently than my steak? Forget all that.  Multiple plates and octopus-like abilities won't help enough.  Sure you can go back but the process to start all over again is too disheartening. -Awful cooking. The food sits all cooking together.  How to cook steak and scallops and vegetables? All the same-no matter.  Burnt veggies with undercooked meat is highly probable. The sauce goes in at the end.  Might as well microwave some barbecue sauce and simply  throw it on top. The cooks use the same grill surface and spatula to cook not just your whatever combination of food but everyone else's as well.  I don't like that the strange lady's leftover alfredo sauce is mingling with mine.-Cleanliness. The tiny always wet bowls were mostly dirty as were the utensils.  I went through nearly 10 bowls before I could find a clean one.  I chose to eat with chopsticks.  In general I don't like buffets as they make me feel like a pig going to a trough. This one is almost worse because you spend nearly $20 a plate that you need to go get yourself, fill and give to someone to cook. The quality is bleh. Lots of hype Fire+Ice = fail|4|2|2
1qj4Uhk1jqyHPLCO1RBhmQ|CzfrFHwKt6_QuNjv39qbBQ|1|Was a joke thankfully closed. New place stubs steves is awesome.|0|0|0
t0CBd_dgyztTvUkGX5fPBg|PVFekEJidqcH3V55HqhIBg|5|the guy behind the counter complimented my nail polish, so this place automatically gets 5 stars.just kidding.but my point is that the employees here are friendly, always up for conversation, and attentive. ive never been ignored or overlooked and, like it is with bagel gourmet ole on thayer st, im always happy to see the same faces when i walk in. i go to the thayer street location much more often based on the convenience of the location, but if you are a brown university student and live in new dorm or grad center, you might as well come by here to avoid big lines or a trek up thayer. the bagels are fresh and come in a huge variety, the coffee is always piping hot and flavorful, and the prices are pretty cheap and reasonable. bagel gourmet is definitely something im going to miss about providence/brown.|0|1|0
szmLFKB_wzz3Fb4Tqg3r7g|t-sBCG6-YFgtD1nNQL5cTA|4|Great location with plenty of nearby parking (including cheap parking at the mall if you don't mind a short walk), I recommend this place to any of my friends that are traveling to Providence.  The atmosphere is nice both inside and outside dining, and there is plenty to do in the surrounding area.  'Build your own burger' is great and I usually change it up each time I dine here.  Both the beef and turkey burgers are delicious, and most of the sides are good too (love the sweet potato fries, but not the best potato salad that I have had).Service is also good and I have never had to wait a long time to give my order, receive my food, or pay the bill.|4|0|1
rPT6ak3-KvOJTxnIzYNH0w|vLTrtgiM-8TTjRWD4RbelQ|4|The douchebag quota is extraordinarily high here on weekends and late  nights, but the food's surprisingly good.  I love the tomato-basil soup, also the hummus.The wine list is small, but conservatively priced and the cocktails aren't half bad.  This is a good place for some lower priced eats and a few drinks, especially in the summer (outside dining, window wall that opens completely).|2|6|2
Taha6oEOUQUzPhjYSFlkSw|v8HF8RgPifcubYK7moi2mw|1|The absolute worst Subway I have ever been to.It's small, never clean and always crowded. Forget coming around lunch time when everyone else that works downtown is on lunch. It is highly probable you could be waiting twenty minutes only to have nowhere to sit and if you do it's riddled with wilted lettuce and bread crumbs.Do I still go here? Of course, I don't want to have to go to the mall to get a flippin sandwich. I just go after lunch rush and I bring it back to the office so I don't have to sit in the dirty dining room.Would I go here if I didn't work down the street? Probably not.|1|0|1
9hjuKkPO0LryqAq1xSfpuA|j-yXAQo-kIikdg5rmwtkeA|3|I've enjoyed everything I have had at Taste of India, although it's not the very best Indian I've had.  I have only eaten dinner and gotten take-out, so I can't speak to the lunch buffet - based on other reviews the buffet may be more problematic (perhaps they deserve seperate rankings!).  Service-wise, the restaurant isn't ever packed so service is prompt and the food comes out quickly. The thing that keeps me coming back to Taste of India is that the menu has icons for 'vegan' and 'gluten-free' entrees, which I really appreciate. FYI, they serve alcohol now so don't bring your own!|2|0|1
BbkF6j51IbcX-ed1f-bnhA|MumNa7z3dwDr3-bvr3ygUw|3|this is a very fun place to go if you can sit outside with friends. the food is very good and so is the beer. the cupcakes are amazing, I love the tiny ones so you can try different flavors. The interior is very silly and overdone. Duck and Bunny provides a perfect recreational eating experience but it isnt what i would choose alone.|0|0|0
mdqwn32B4RVJI8_MQLXXHg|jKLeHqcwR2sPgjlSE1cmJQ|3|Good yogurt and a great selection of toppings. The only thing I don't like is that it's a "do it yourself" place. Although I definitely think I can top my yogurt better than an employee who doesn't know the specifications of what I want, I don't like people's hands all over the stuff. Let's face it - many people are gross and lack common sense when it comes to food etiquette. And of course since it's a yogurt place, there's always gonna be kids who don't know to use the spoons for the toppings rather than just pick them up with their hands. Yuck. That's why this gets 3 stars. As far as taste, definitely a 4-5.|0|0|0
CUhwFEU13F6NC98VkwYElg|V7vAB8x1zeM-E2LeRMZSTw|3|I have always been a fan of PF Chang's so I was thrilled to hear that a location was opening in Providence.  The layout of the restaurant is nicely done, different than any other location we have visited.  Since the restaurant just opened this past Monday, there were a plethora of servers(a mix of trainers and new servers) on the floor so service was fantastic.  The food on the other hand was just okay, we ordered the chicken lettuce wraps which were tasty, but the Dan Dan noodles were extremely salty/over-sauced, and the Honey chicken was bland.  Overall not a bad experience but not a fantastic one either.|1|0|0
